You know what I do is write for kids , and , in fact , I 'm probably the author for kids , more read in the United States .
And I always tell people I do n't want to look like a scientist .
I can wear as a farmer , or with leather laundry , and no one has ever chosen a farmer .
I 'm here today to talk to you about circles and epiphanies .
And you know that an epiphany usually is something that you get somewhere .
You just have to turn the apple back to the block to see it as a epiphany .
That 's the painting of a circle .
A friend of mine did that -- Richard <unk> .
It 's the kind of complicated circle I 'm going to talk to you about .
My circle started in the 1960s in the middle school , in <unk> , Ohio where I was the weird thing .
When they were beaten up to bleed every week in the children 's bathroom , until a teacher saved me .
She saved my life by letting me go into the bathroom bathroom .
He was doing it secret .
It 's for three years .
And I had to go from the city .
I had a thumb , and 85 dollars , and I ended up in San Francisco , California -- I found a lover -- and in the 1980s , I felt the need to start working in organizations fighting for AIDS .
About three or four years ago , at night I got a phone call from that master 's phone call , the lady who said , `` I need to see you .
I 'm in trouble that adults never get to know us .
You could <unk> Ohio , and please bring that guy that I know you 've been found .
And I have to tell you that I 've got pancreatic cancer , and I 'd like you to get stuck with this please . ''
Well , the next day we were in Cleveland .
We went to see , we were laughing , we cried , and we realized that she needed to be <unk> .
We found a place , the <unk> , and the <unk> and take care of their family , because it was necessary .
It 's something we knew how to do .
And as the woman who wanted to know me as an adult got to know , he became a ash box and was put in my hands .
And what happened was , the circle had been closed , turned into a circle -- and that epiphany that I talked about was done in itself .
The epiphany is that death is part of life .
She saved my life , my partner and I save her .
And you know that that part of life needs everything that the rest of life needs .
It needs truth and beauty , and I 'm very happy that I was talking a lot about this .
It needs -- it needs dignity , love and pleasure . And it 's our work to provide those things .
Thank you .
As an artist , the connection is very important for me .
Through my work , I 'm trying to express that humans are not separated from nature and that everything is interconnected .
I was for the first time to Antarctica almost 10 years ago , and I saw my first <unk> .
I was amazed .
My heart can fast , I was <unk> , trying to understand what was in front of me .
The <unk> around me <unk> out of the water almost 60 meters , and I could n't get more to think that it was a snowflake about another <unk> on a year after year .
The <unk> are born when they get out of the glaciers , or break the ice walls .
Each iceberg has its own individual personality .
They have a different way of interacting with their environment and their experiences .
Some of them refuse to give up and hold up to the end , whereas others ca n't stand it more and become a very quite passionate assumption .
It 's easy to think , when you look at a eardrum , that are isolated apart and alone , as we see ourselves sometimes as humans .
But the reality is the opposite .
As a iceberg melts , I 'm breathing its ancestral atmosphere .
As a iceberg melts it releases rich sweet water in minerals that feeds a lot of life .
I walk up to photograph these <unk> as if it was about the portraits of my ancestors , knowing that in these unique moments , there are that way and will not exist again that way again .
It 's not death when you melt down ; it 's not an end , but a continuation of their way through the cycle of life .
Some of the <unk> of the <unk> I 'm photographing is very young -- it 's got a couple of thousands of years .
And another part of the ice has over 100,000 years .
The last photos I 'd like to show you are from a iceberg that I photographed in <unk> , Greenland .
It 's unlikely to actually witness a rolling eardrum .
Here it is .
You can see on the left a little boat .
It 's about five feet .
And I 'd like you to pay attention to the shape of the iceberg and your baseline .
You can see here , it starts rolling , the ship has moved to the other side , and the man is standing there .
This is a Greenland iceberg , average size .
<unk> of water about 120 feet or 40 meters .
This video is in real time .
And so I want , the iceberg shows a different side of his personality .
Thank you .
I want two mates in 1979 , the same day , exactly at the same time , each <unk> a baby .
So , two couples each with a baby .
I do n't want you to stop too much in the details of conception , because if you stop thinking about conception itself , you 're not going to pay attention to it .
Let 's think about that for a moment .
And on this stage , I want you to imagine that in a case , the chromosome from the sperm joins into the X chromosome .
And in the other case , the X chromosome from sperm joins into the X chromosome .
They both take up and start life .
We 'll come back to talk about them later .
In my activity , I turned two roles .
In one of my roles , I work with the story of the anatomy .
I 'm an historian by training and what I study in this case is the way people came to the anatomy -- which is , in human bodies and <unk> , how you 've considered the body fluids , the idea of the body , what you 've thought about the body .
The other role in my work is an activist , as a patient advocate or , as I say sometimes , an impatient advocate of people who are medical patients .
In this case , I 've worked with people whose physical characteristics challenge social norms .
I 've been working , for example , <unk> twins , two people inside a body itself .
I 've worked with people with <unk> ; people much lower than the average .
And I 've worked with a lot of cases of people with atypical sex , the individuals whose physics does n't fit into the <unk> male schemes .
In general lines , we can call it <unk> .
<unk> takes a lot of ways .
I 'm going to give you some examples in ways of having a sex that does n't lie in male ordinary or female forms .
So , for example , there 's the case of the individual with an XY gene that 's called the chromosome on the chromosome , which says to the <unk> , that we all have in the fetal life , which is <unk> .
And then , in the fetal life , testicles produce testosterone .
But because this individual lacks testosterone receptors , the body does n't react to the same .
It 's <unk> syndrome .
So , there 's high levels of testosterone but no reaction .
As a result , the body develops into typically female women .
When you 're born , the baby looks like a little girl .
It 's a girl . He 's raised as a girl .
And , often , it 's not until puberty , when you 're growing up and developing breasts , but it does n't have the menstrual period , when someone realizes something 's going on .
After doing tests , they realize that instead of having ovaries and uterus , it actually has testicles and a chromosome .
The important thing to understand is that you can think it 's a man , but it 's actually not .
Women , as men , we have a little bit called <unk> glands .
They 're on the back of the body .
<unk> glands produce <unk> , the <unk> hormone .
Most of the women like me -- I consider a typical woman ; it does n't know his <unk> structure ; I believe being a typical woman most women as I am sensitive to <unk> .
We 're producing <unk> , and we respond to <unk> .
As a result , somebody like me has the most exposed brain to the <unk> that the woman who was born with testes with <unk> syndrome .
That 's why sex is complicated . It 's not that <unk> are in the middle of the spectrum -- in some ways you can be everywhere .
Another example : A few years ago , I got a call from a 19-year-old who was born and raised as a male male and sex with her , was wearing a life as a boy and had just discovered he had ovaries and uterus .
He had an extreme form of a disease known as <unk> <unk> .
I had the 20th chromosomes , and in the womb <unk> glands were so active that , essentially , they created a male hormone environment .
As a consequence , the genitals were <unk> , his brain was exposed to the hormone typically male .
He was born with a child as a child ; no one suspected .
And it was at 19 years old when he started to have medical problems caused by internal Ramadan , when doctors found that , in fact , she was a woman inside .
Well , another example of a case of <unk> .
Some people with the 20th century develop what 's known as <unk> , is , they have <unk> tissue wrapped up in <unk> tissue .
We do n't know well why that 's happening .
So , there are lots of sex .
The reason that kids with this kind of bodies -- -- you know , you 're <unk> <unk> , or <unk> twins , or <unk> surgeries are going to be able to have a better physical health .
In many cases , people are perfectly healthy .
The reason they go to various surgeries is that they 're a threat to our social categories .
The system is usually based on the idea that a particular anatomy brings to be a particular identity .
We have the idea that being a woman is to have female identity ; supposedly , being black means having African anatomy in terms of history .
A terribly simplistic idea .
And when you 're presented with a body that shows something quite different , we have problems with <unk> .
So we have very romantic ideas in our culture about individualism .
Our nation is based on a very romantic language concept .
Imagine how amazing it is to have children that are born like two people inside a body itself .
The highest case is last year in last year with the South African <unk> <unk> , and he put on the fabric of his sex in the <unk> Olympics in Berlin .
A lot of journalists called to wonder , `` What 's the test you 're going to do to determine whether you 're a man or a woman ? ''
And I had to explain to the reporters that there is no such a test .
In fact , we know that sex is so complicated that we have to admit that nature does n't plot a line between men and women , or women , and <unk> and women and <unk> -- we are those who draw that line .
So , what we have is a situation where the more science advances , more we have to admit that these categories , that we thought were a kind of stable anatomy that was being turned out directly with stable <unk> categories , they 're much more likely than we thought .
And it 's not just in terms of sex .
And also in terms of race , something that 's much more complicated than the terminology allows .
As we see , we get into a rough terrain .
Let 's look at , for example , the fact that we share at least 95 percent of the DNA with chimpanzees .
What about the fact that they were in just a few nucleotides ?
And as we moved on in science , we get increasingly in an awkward area where we have to recognize that the simplistic categories that are probably too simplistic .
And we 're looking at this in all walks of human life .
One of them , for example , in our current culture , in the United States today , are the struggles and at the end of life .
It 's hard to set up a moment from which a body becomes human , and it has different rights to the <unk> .
There are very <unk> discussions today , not in public , but I know within the <unk> that someone is considered dead .
Our ancestors never had to deal with this question of whether somebody was dead .
As a lot of him put a pen in front of the nose , and if he was still , we still do n't miss it .
If I stopped moving around you .
But today we can , for example , extract vital organs of a body and put them into another body .
And as a result , we have to deal with the dilemma of really the death of someone , and this puts us in a difficult situation where we do n't have the single categories of the past .
And you might think that this explosion of categories could be happy like me .
In politics I 'm progressive , I claim people with unusual bodies , but I have to admit that I was nervous .
They proved that these categories are much more unstable than we thought I 'm in .
<unk> from the point of view of a concept of democracy .
And to tell you about this tension , I have to admit that I 'm a fervent fan of fathers ' fathers .
I know they were racist , I know they were <unk> , but they were big .
I mean , they were so courageous and bold and so radical in what they did , that I find myself every time looking at that musical <unk> `` 1776 '' and not by music , which is totally <unk> .
It 's why it happened in 1776 with fathers .
Parents were , for me , the first activists of the anatomy and I explain why .
What they 'd been rejected was an anatomic concept , and he <unk> it with another that was radical and beautiful and stayed for 200 years .
And as you all remember , what we had been torn in our Founding fathers was the idea of the monarchy , the monarchy was based on a very simplistic concept of anatomy .
The monarchs of the old world did n't know the DNA , but they had clear the idea of birth .
They had the concept of blue blood .
They were of the idea that they were going to be the political power of the blood of the grandfather to the father and then the son and so on .
Founding fathers rejected that idea and replaced it for a new anatomic concept , and that concept was that all men are created equal .
They <unk> the field of play and decided that the anatomy that mattered was the anatomy in common and not the anatomy of anatomy . That was very radical .
And they were doing it because they 're part of a <unk> system where two things were happening .
It was raising democracy , and at the same time , we were born .
And it 's very clear , if you look at the history of Founding fathers , that many were very interested in science and the idea of a naturalist world .
They were <unk> of supernatural explanations , and therefore refuse the concept of power supernatural , it 's going to be a vague idea of the right of birth .
They were moving towards a concept concept .
And if we look at , for example , the Declaration of Independence , they talk about nature and the god of nature .
They do n't talk about God and the nature of God .
They talk about the power of nature to tell us who we are .
And as a result of us were passing up the idea of anatomical coincidence .
And in doing so , they were laid out the foundations of the Civil Rights movement .
They did n't think they did n't think about it , but they did it for us , and it was great .
And what happened next ?
And women succeeded .
Then he came the success of the Civil Rights movement with people from <unk> <unk> , who said , `` I 'm not a woman ? ''
We found men on the Civil Rights movement saying , `` I 'm a man . ''
Again , people who are going to get the anatomical coincidence on the anatomical difference and , again , succeeded .
We see the same with the <unk> movement .
The problem is , of course , that as we look at coincidences , we have to start asking ourselves why we keep certain divisions .
But , attention , I want to keep some critically divisions in our culture .
For example , I do n't want to give a fish the same rights as a human .
I do n't want to say that we should go to the anatomy .
I do n't mean that the six-year-olds were supposed to have sex or married .
There are some divisions to make sense , and that I think we should maintain .
But the challenge is to try to figure out what they are , why keep them and make sense .
Well , let 's go back to those two beings at the beginning of this talk .
We have two beings , both <unk> in the middle of 1979 exactly the same day .
Imagine one of them , Mary , was born three months before time : June 1 , 1980 .
Henry , on the contrary , was born in term , from March 1 , 1980 .
For the fact that I was born three months before Mary is attributed to all the rights three months before to Henry -- the right -- to sexual consent , the right to vote , the right to <unk> .
Henry has to wait for all of that not because I have a different biological age , but because he was born afterwards .
We found other oddities in relation to their rights .
Henry , by virtue of being considered a man , if I did n't tell him if it 's <unk> , by virtue of being considered a man now is <unk> from the compulsory <unk> that Mary does n't worry about .
Mary , for his part , does n't have the same rights to marriage than Henry in all states , for example .
Henry can marry a woman with a woman , but Mary can marry a woman in some states .
So still persist categories that are in various ways that are doable and questionable .
And now the question is : What do we do now that science was moved on both in the anatomy of the anatomy that we get to to admit that a democracy based on anatomy could crumble ?
I do n't want to give the science , but at the same time sometimes I feel like science is escapes by us .
Where are we going ?
It seems that what 's happening in our culture is a kind of pragmatic attitude : `` Well , we have to draw the line somewhere , so we 're going to do it . ''
But many people have caught up in a rare position .
For example , Texas at a certain time has decided to get married with a man , and to get married with a woman , you have to have chromosome .
Now , in practice , they do n't make tests for people to do it .
But this is also very strange , given the story that I told you to the beginning of <unk> <unk> .
If we look at one of the founding fathers of modern democracy , Dr. Martin Luther King , in his speech `` I Have a `` <unk> '' solution .
It says we should judge people `` based not in the color of their skin , but in the content of their character , '' beyond anatomy .
And I mean , `` Yes , the idea seems good . ''
But in practice , how do you do it ?
How do we judge people based on their character ?
I want to point out also that I 'm not sure that we should be able to make it out of this for <unk> rights to people , because I 've got to admit I know some <unk> that probably deserve more the social services than some humans I know .
I also want to say that maybe some of them may make more informed , intelligent and mature decisions on their sex relationships that people from 40 I know .
So how do you put the theme of character content ?
It 's very difficult .
And a part of me wonder what would happen if the character of one person could be measured by an instrument , maybe with an MRI .
Do we really want to get to that point ?
I 'm not sure where we go .
What I know is that it seems to be very important that the United States will continue this current thinking of thinking about democracy .
We 've done a good job in defense of democracy , and I think we 're going to do a good job in the future .
We do n't live , for example , in a context like the Iranian where a man who feels attracted to other men is susceptible to being killed , unless you 're willing to abide by a change in sex , in which case it 's allowed to live .
We 're not in that situation .
I 'm glad to say that we do n't have a context as a surgeon who talked about a couple of years ago that had done to give birth to <unk> twins , and then separate them out and grow their fame .
But when the phone was asked , he asked the reason for the operation , he was a very <unk> operation , and he said that in that other country these kids would be very abused , and therefore he had to do it .
And I said , `` Well , it 's considered the political asylum instead of surgical separation ? ''
The United States offers huge possibilities for people to be who they are without <unk> for the sake of the state .
So I think we need to be on your head .
Well , in closing , I mean , I 've been talking a lot about fathers .
And I want to think about what the democracy would be , or as it might have been , if we had given more participation to the Mothers .
And I want to say something a little bit radical for a feminist , and that is that I think there may be different ideas coming from different anatomy , particularly if there are people thinking about a group .
For years , since I 've been interested in <unk> , I 've also been interested in investigating the sexual difference .
And one of the things that has been interested in are the differences between men and women in terms of thinking and operating in the world .
And what we know about studying studies is that women , on average , not all , but in <unk> tend to pay more attention to complex social relationships and care about those who are <unk> within the group .
And if we think about that , we have an interesting situation in our hands .
Now , when I was in graduate school , one of my advisers who knew that I was interested in feminism recently -- I was like a feminist , like <unk> asked me a strange suit .
`` Tell me what 's got from female women . ''
And I thought , `` It 's the most silly question I 've ever heard .
Feminism has to get rid of the stereotypes of gender , so there 's nothing female in feminism . ''
But the more I 've been thinking about her question , more of me , there 's a little bit of female people who have a female .
I mean , there might be something , on average , something different between the female brain and the male that makes us more susceptible to complex social relationships and willing to help the most vulnerable .
So if fathers were very attentive to find the way to protect people in the state of protecting people in the state of the state , it 's possible to have gotten more inspiring to this concept , maybe we would have enriched the concept of protection with peer-to-peer support .
And maybe that 's what we have to do in the future when we let democracy beyond the anatomy : think less in the individual body , in terms of identity , and think more about relationships .
So , as we try to create a more perfect union , let 's think about what we 're doing for each other .
Thank you .
In 2007 , I decided we had to reconsider how we think about economic development .
Our new goal should be that when every family thinks where you want to live and work , it has the possibility of choice between at least a handful of different cities that are competing to attract new residents .
Well , right now , we 're far away from that goal .
There are billions of people in developing countries who do n't count on a single city willing to get them .
But the amazing thing about cities is that it 's worth much more than their cost of building .
So we could easily put it into the world tens , perhaps hundreds , new cities .
Well , this may sound absurd if you 've never thought about new cities .
But they 're just going to be used by buildings of apartments .
Imagine that half of those who wanted to live in apartment in apartments already they were owners and that the other half still will still be missing .
You could try to increase the ability to make an expansion in all of the buildings that are happening .
But you know the problem that <unk> is that those buildings and the areas around them have rules to avoid discomfort and the building distractions .
So it would be very hard to do all of those <unk> .
But you could go to a whole new place , build a new apartment building , always , and when the rules of that place would be building the construction instead of putting Ebola .
So I proposed that governments have new reform zones to hold cities and gave them a name : cities under charter cities .
Later , I learned that more or less at the same time , <unk> and <unk> were thinking about the challenge of reform Honduras .
They knew that every year around 75 <unk> of their country to go to the United States , and they wanted to ask questions that they could do to make sure that those people could stay and make those very things in Honduras .
In the summer of 2009 , Honduras went through a constitutional crisis .
In the next regular election , <unk> <unk> became a platform in which promised reforms and at the same time reconciliation .
He asked <unk> , who was his head of cabinet .
Meanwhile , I was preparing to give a talk at TEDGlobal .
Through a process of refinement , trial and error , a lot of evidence with users , tried to reduce this complicated concept of cities under a charter of the most essential ideas .
The first point was the importance of norms , like those rules that say you ca n't go and upset all the current residents of apartments .
It takes a lot of attention to new technologies , but it takes so much of technologies to make progress , and they 're usually the rules that prevent us forward .
In the fall of 2010 , a friend of Guatemala sent a link to the TEDTalk .
He showed it to <unk> .
They called me .
They said , `` Let 's tell the leaders of our country . ''
So in December we met in Miami , in a hotel room in a hotel room .
I tried to explain to you this point about how valuable cities are , much more valuable than their monetary cost .
And I used this picture that shows the value of land in a place like New York . Notice -- land that , in some cases , worth thousands of dollars per square meter .
But it was a pretty abstract discussion , and at some point , when there was a pause , he said , `` Paul , maybe we could see the video of the TEDTalk . ''
And the talk was described in very simple terms that a charter city is a place where it starts with <unk> land , a charter that specifies the rules that are going on there and a choice for people to choose if they want to go or not live under those rules .
So the president of Honduras called me , and he told me that we had to do this project , this is important , this could be the path for our country advance .
He asked me to be <unk> and I would talk again the four and five of January .
So I presented another talk full of data , which included an image like this , which I was trying to explain that for a lot of value to a city , this has to be very large .
This is a picture in Denver and the white line is the new airport that was built in Denver .
Just this airport just covers over 100 square kilometers .
So I was trying to convince the <unk> that to build a new city , you have to start with a site that is about about less 1,000 square miles .
That 's more than 100,000 acres .
Everybody <unk> <unk> .
The public faces were really serious and attentive .
The Congress leader came up to the platform and said , `` Professor <unk> , thank you very much for your talk , but maybe we could see the video of the TEDTalk .
I have this in my computer . ''
So I sat down and showed the TEDTalk .
And this explained the essentials -- that a new city can provide new choices for people .
There would be a choice of a city that could go in Honduras , rather than hundreds of miles away from the North .
And it also would include new choices for leaders .
Because the leaders of Honduras would need help from associated countries , they could benefit from the countries associated with them to help them establish and make their own charter norms , so that everyone could trust the charter that the charter will effectively stand .
We went and we saw a site .
This picture is from there .
It could easily span a thousand square miles .
And shortly after January 19th , they voted in Congress to <unk> their Constitution , and add a constitutional arrangement that would allow you to create these special special regions .
In a country that had just gone through this painful crisis , voting in Congress for this constitutional amendment was <unk> .
All parties , all the factions in the society , to get it .
By <unk> in the Constitution , you have to pass twice in Congress .
February 17th , last time in another voting on another voting .
Immediately after the vote , from the 21st of February 24 , a delegation of 30 <unk> was to the two places in the world who are most interested in engaging in cities .
One of them is South Korea .
This is a picture of a new center of the city that 's being built in South Korea ; it 's bigger than the center of Boston .
Everything you see there was built in four years , after four years , getting permission .
The other country , interested in building cities is Singapore .
In fact , they 've already built two cities in China , and they 're preparing for a third .
And if you think about this practical way , this is the point where we are .
They have a site , and they 're thinking about a site for the second city .
They 're setting up a legal system that would allow the administrators to come , and then would enable them to operate under an external legal system .
A country has been committed to allow his Supreme Court to be the ultimate court for this new judicial system .
There are urban <unk> and cities who are very interested in the project .
You can even get some funding out .
But the only thing we know that they 've been solved is that they have a good number of people .
There are many companies who wanted to be in the Americas , especially in a place with a free trade zone , and there 's a lot of people who would like to go there .
In the world , there are 700 million people who say they 'd like to change immediately elsewhere .
There 's a million a year from Latin America to go to the United States .
A lot of them are parents who have to leave behind their family to get a job , and sometimes they 're single mothers who have to earn the money for just eating or buy clothes .
Sadly , sometimes there are even kids who are trying to meet their parents who have n't seen , in some cases , in a decade .
So what does it seem to think about building a new city in Honduras ?
Or build a dozen of these , or a hundred of these all around the world ?
What does it seem to think about pushing families to choose between various cities that are competing to attract new residents ?
This is an idea worth spreading .
And my friends were asked to say , `` Thank you TED . ''
I 'm <unk> , and this is my <unk> .
But before I show you what 's inside , I 'm going to make a public confession , and it 's that I live obsessed with suits .
I love to find , dress , and more recently , photographing and publish my blog , bold , colorful , different for every time .
But I did n't buy anything new .
All my clothing is secondhand for <unk> markets and retail stores .
Oh , thank you .
The two hand stores allow me to reduce the impact of my <unk> in the environment and in my wallet .
I 'm going to meet people who are <unk> , and usually my money goes to a good cause , and I 'll look at it , and buy it becomes my personal pursuit of treasures .
I mean , what am I going to find today ?
Is it going to be my size ?
Am I going to like the color ?
Is it less than 20 dollars ?
If all the answers are positive , then I feel I 've won .
To go back to the subject of my <unk> , I want to tell you what I packed for this exciting week at TED .
I mean , what brings with someone who has all that clothes ?
So I 'm going to show you exactly what I brought in .
I 've brought seven pairs of underwear , and nothing else .
inner clothes for exactly a week is all I 've put in my <unk> .
I thought I would be able to find everything else I 'd like to use after I got here to Palm Springs .
And because you do n't know me as a woman who walks at TED in underwear , that means I found some things .
And I 'd like to show you now the sets for this week .
Does n't it sound interesting ?
While I do , I 'm going to tell you some of the lessons of life that believe or not , I 've learned in this adventure of not using new clothing .
Let 's start with Sunday .
This is a brilliant tiger .
You do n't have to spend a lot of money to look good .
You 've almost always got to see you phenomenal for less than 50 dollars .
The whole thing , including the jacket , took me 55 , and is the most expensive I 've used in the week .
Monday : color is energy .
It 's almost impossible to be bad humor , when you 're wearing a bright red jeans .
If you 're happy , you 're going to attract other people happy .
Tuesday other integration is <unk> .
I 've spent a lot of time in life trying to be myself and at the same time .
I just know yourself .
If you get rid of the right people , you wo n't just understand you , you 'll also get bored .
<unk> : <unk> of the child that you take inside .
Sometimes people tell me that it seems to be playing <unk> , or I remind them to their <unk> .
I like <unk> and saying , `` Thank you . ''
Thursday : Self-confidence is the key .
If you think you 're good at something , it 's almost certain you are .
And if you think you do n't look good at something , it 's probably true .
My mother taught me this day after day .
But it was n't until the age of 30 , I really understood their meaning .
And I 'm going to explain it in a few seconds .
If you think you 're a beautiful person in your interior and outside , there 's no look you ca n't get it .
So there 's no excuse for anyone in this audience .
We must be able to achieve everything we want to do .
Thank you .
<unk> : A universal universal truth for you : <unk> <unk> go with everything .
And finally , Saturday : Developing himself , and unique is a great way to tell the world something about you without having to say a word .
I 've tried it over and over again when people were approaching me this week just by what I was using . And we had fantastic conversations .
Obviously this is n't going to go into my little <unk> .
So before I went home , Brooklyn , I 'm going to give everything .
Because the lesson I 'm trying to learn this week is that we have to leave behind certain things .
I do n't need to keep it emotionally , to these things , because around the corner , there will always be another <unk> , colorful , brilliant <unk> , if there 's a little love in my heart and I 'm looking for it .
Thank you very much .
Thank you .
This is a representation of your brain that we can split in two parts .
The left side , which is the logic part , and the right side , which is the intuitive part .
So , if you take a scale to measure the fitness of each hemisphere , we could design a plane of our brain .
For example , this would be somebody who 's completely logical .
This would be somebody who 's totally intuitive .
So where do you get your brain on this scale ?
Some of them would go through one of these extremes , but I think for most of the members of this audience , your brain is something -- with a great fitness in both hemispheres at the same time .
It 's not that it 's mutually exclusive .
You can be logical and intuitive .
I consider myself one of those people , that just like most of the other experimental quantum physicists , we need pretty logical to make these complicated ideas .
But at the same time , we need a lot of intuition to make experiments really work .
How do we develop this intuition ? Well , we like to play with things .
We 're going to play with them , and then we see how they react , and then we develop our intuition from that point .
And actually , you do the same thing .
As a kind of intuition that you can have developed over the age of the years is the one that says one thing can be just one place at once .
I mean , it may sound weird to think that one thing is in two different places at the same time , but you were n't born with this notion , they developed it .
I remember watching a child playing in a parking pole .
It was a little kid , and it was n't very well , it was always falling .
But I bet the game with that parking bar he taught him a valuable lesson , and that is that big things do n't allow the <unk> , and they stay in a place .
This is a great conceptual model that you can have in the world , except you 're a particle physicist .
It would be a terrible model for a particle physicist , because they do n't play with parking bars , they play with these strange little particles .
And when they play with their particles , they discover that they do all kinds of really rare things -- as they can go through walls , or that they can be in two different places at the same time .
And then they wrote all these observations , and they called it theory of quantum mechanics .
At that point , the physics was a few years ago , you needed of quantum mechanics to describe these little particles .
But you did n't need it to describe the big objects around us every day .
That did n't fit very well down to my intuition , and maybe I do n't play very often with particles .
Well , sometimes I play with them , but not much .
And I 've never seen them .
I mean , no one saw a particle .
But it did n't fit well to my logical part .
Because if everything is made of small particles and all the small particles follow the principles of quantum mechanics , then should n't everything follow the principles of quantum mechanics ?
I do n't find the reason why it should n't .
And so I felt much better if I could somehow prove that a common object also follows the principles of quantum mechanics .
That 's why a few years ago , I proposed to do exactly that .
And I did .
This is the first object you can see that it 's been in a <unk> of quantum mechanics .
What we see here is a little computer chip .
And you can try to see the green dot right in the middle .
That 's the metal piece that I 'm going to talk about in a minute .
This is a picture of the object .
And here I 'm going to zoom in a little bit . It 's right in the center .
And then here we make a very good approach to the little metal <unk> .
What we see is a little bit of metal , with a springboard and that set up leaning in a platform .
And so I did this almost the same way you would do a computer chip .
I went to a clean room with a silicon chip , and I started working all the big machines for about 100 hours .
For the last material , I had to build my own machine -- to make this <unk> <unk> <unk> , which is under the device .
This device has the ability to be in a quantum overlap , but for it needs some help .
Let me make an analogy .
You know how uncomfortable it is to be on an elevator full of people .
I mean , when I 'm on an elevator just , I do all sorts of weird things , but then when other people go up , I 'll leave you with those things , because I do n't bother them , or , actually , frightening .
Quantum mechanics is that inanimate objects behave in the same way .
<unk> on inanimate objects are not just people , it 's also the light that shines it and the wind that happens to its side and the heat of the room .
So we knew that if we wanted this little bit of metal to behave at the quantum mechanics , we would have to push all the other passengers .
And that 's what we did .
<unk> the lights , we then introduced a vacuuming and pulled out all the air , and then we cool it into a temperature of less than a degree above zero .
Now , when I was alone on the elevator , the little metal piece is free of act like I want .
So we measured their movements .
We discovered that it was moving in very strange ways .
Instead of staying perfectly still , I 'm vibrating . And the way that you 'd call it was like a breath this way -- like a bellows , it expands .
And by giving it a smooth lift , we were able to make it <unk> and that we do n't attend at the same time -- something that only happens with quantum mechanics .
So what I 'm telling you about is really fantastic .
What does it mean is that a <unk> thing and do n't do it at the same time ?
Let 's think about atoms .
In one case , all the trillions of atoms that make up that piece of metal are still , and at the same time that same atoms are moving up and down .
It 's just at random moments when you line up .
In the rest of the time they 're <unk> .
It means that every atom is in two different places at the same time , which means all the metal piece is in two different places .
I think this is great .
Really .
It was a clean room in a clean room to do this for all those years , because , look at this , the scale on scale between one single atom , and that piece of metal is more or less the same as the difference between that piece of metal and you .
So if one single atom can be in two different places at the same time , and that piece of metal can be in two different places , why not you do n't ?
I mean , it 's my logical part of the speech .
So imagine if they were in various places at the same time , how would that be ?
How do your consciousness act if your body was <unk> in space ?
There 's another part of the story .
And it 's when we heat it up , and we turned the lights together and we looked inside the box , we saw that the metal was still there in one piece .
And I could get to this new intuition , apparently all objects on the elevator actually are only quantum objects that are just crammed into a small space .
You hear a lot about it that quantum mechanics claims everything is interconnected .
Well , that 's not so true .
It 's more than that , it 's deeper .
It is that those connections , your connections to all the things around you , literally define who you are , and that 's the deep queerness of quantum mechanics .
Thank you .
My name is <unk> .
And 18 months ago , I did another job on Google , until I launched the idea of doing something about museums and art to my boss that 's here and that allowed me to take it .
It took me 18 months .
Many negotiations and stories , I assure you , with 17 very interesting museums of nine countries .
But I 'm going to focus on the demo .
There 's a lot of stories from why we did it .
I think my own story is explaining simply in this slide , and this is the access .
I grew up in India .
It 's <unk> of a great education -- I did n't get bored , but I did n't have access to many of these museums and artwork .
So when I started traveling and go to museums , I started to learn a lot .
And working on Google , I try to make the desire to make it more accessible by technology .
So we formed a team , a great team of people , and we started to do it .
Better to show you the demo to then explain a couple of interesting things that we 've done from their launch .
So , simply , we 're going to be <unk> .
Look at all the museums there .
There 's the <unk> gallery , the MoMA , the <unk> , the <unk> , Van Gogh .
I 'm actually going to go into one of my favorites , the <unk> , the New York Museum of New York .
There are two ways of doing it -- very simple .
We click and , <unk> ! We 're already inside the museum .
It does n't matter where you 're , Mumbai or <unk> , that does n't really matter .
You 're moving around and you have fun .
Would you like to navigate the museum ?
We opened up the plane at the top , and , with one click , we jumped in .
They 're inside , you want to go at the end of the hallway .
You go ahead and go ahead and go .
<unk> .
Thank you , but I have n't come to the best .
Now I 'm in front of one of my favorite paintings , `` <unk> , '' by Pieter <unk> by the <unk> .
I see the sign + .
If the museum shows us the image , we click there .
Look , this is one of the images .
Here 's all the metadata 's information .
For those of you who are really interested in art , you can click there , but I 'm going to click right now .
And this is one of the images that we 've captured in what we call <unk> technology .
So this image , for example , contains , I think , about 10,000 billion pixels .
And there are a lot of people who ask me , `` What do you get to 10,000 billion pixels ? ''
So I 'm going to show you what you really get with 10,000 billion pixels .
It can zoom in around a very simple way .
You see fun things that are going on .
I love this guy , his expression does n't have a price .
But if you really want to go into it .
So I started playing , and I found something that was going on there .
And I said , `` Wait a moment , this seems interesting . ''
And I went in and discovered that the kids were actually playing something .
And I did a little bit , I talked to some people from the <unk> , and I actually discovered that this is a game called <unk> , which is to hit a <unk> with a stick on the Carnival .
And apparently it was very popular .
I do n't know why they did , but I 've learned something about it .
And now we 're going to get into the depth , and you 'll see that you can actually get to the cracks .
Now just to give you a little bit of perspective , I 'm going to move the image , so you actually see what there is .
This is where we were , and this is the painting .
The best thing is to come , a second .
So now we 're quickly going to jump back at MoMA in New York City .
Here of my favorites , `` The Night <unk> . ''
The example I showed was to find details .
But what if you want to see the strokes ?
And if you want Gogh , I actually created this masterpiece ?
It goes up and it really does .
I 'm going to one of my favorite parts in this painting , and I 'm really going to reach the cracks .
This is `` The Night <unk> '' -- I think I 'd never seen it before .
I 'm going to show you another one of my favorite functions .
There 's a lot more here , but I do n't have time to show it .
This is the really cool part . It 's called `` <unk> . ''
All of you , absolutely everyone , does n't matter whether it 's rich or poor , or if you have a mansion , that gives you the same .
You can online , create their own museum , create their own collection of these images .
It 's very simple , we enter it , -- I 've created this function that I call `` the power of the zooming , '' we just made a zooming around .
This is `` The ambassadors '' in the National Gallery in London .
You can write things down , send your friends and keep a conversation about what you feel at contemplating these masterpieces .
So in conclusion , I think for me , the main thing is that all amazing things do n't really come from Google .
No , in my opinion , even come from the museums .
Maybe I should n't say this .
They actually come from these artists .
And that 's been my humble experience with this .
I mean , I hope that in this digital medium to do justice to your artwork and that 's represented properly online .
And the big question I 'm doing today is , `` You did this to repeat the experience of going to a museum ? ''
And the answer is not .
It is to supplement the experience .
And that 's all . Thank you .
Thank you .
Good afternoon all .
I have something to show you .
Think about it , a flying pixel .
In our lab , we call it responsive design .
I 'm going to tell you a little bit about this .
If you look at this picture -- I 'm from Italian origin , all the kids in Italy are growing up with this picture on the wall of his bedroom , but the reason I 'm showing you this is that it has happened really interesting in Formula 1 in the last two decades .
It 's already some time ago , if you wanted to win a year of Formula 1 , take a budget and put it into a <unk> and a good car .
And if the car and the pilot were good enough , you would win the race .
This is what , in engineering , is a real-time set of control system .
It 's essentially a system that has two components : a sensor and a <unk> .
What 's interesting today is that real-time control systems are starting to go into our lives .
Our cities , in the last few years , have been covered with networks and electronics .
They 're becoming open-air computers .
And , like such , they 're starting to respond differently , and they can be screened and screened for .
<unk> cities is a big thing .
As a note , I wanted to mention that cities are only two percent of the cortex of the planet , but they represent 50 percent of the world 's population .
75 percent of the energy consumption -- and to 80 percent of the CO2 emissions .
If we could do something with cities , it would be a big thing .
Beyond cities , all these detections , and it 's actually entering our everyday stuff .
This is from an exhibition of Paola <unk> for purposes of the year at MoMA , during the summer .
It 's called `` To me . ''
Well , our objects , the environment , start talking to us .
In a way , it 's kind of like almost all the atoms that were used to become sensors and actuators .
And that 's completely changing the interaction that as humans have with the outside environment .
In a sense , it 's almost like the old dream of Michelangelo .
You know , when Michelangelo was sculpted by the hammer , and he says that he finally took the hammer , and he threw it in , and you still can see a little bit of a dent in <unk> , and he said , `` You know , you know , `` Hey , you do n't talk about it ? ''
Well , today , for the first time , our environment begins to speak to us .
And I 'm going to show you just a few examples -- insist on the idea of capturing the environment and push something .
Let 's start with detection .
The first project I wanted to share with you is actually one of the first projects in our lab .
This was four and a half years ago in Italy .
It was a summer with a lucky summer .
It was the year where Italy won the World Cup .
Maybe some of you remember , they played Italy and France , and at the end , they gave the <unk> .
And anyway , at the end he won Italy .
Now let 's look at what happened that day watching activity on the web .
Here 's the city .
You see the Coliseum in the middle and the <unk> river .
It 's the morning , before the game .
The timeline is at the top .
At the early afternoon , there are people over here and making calls , moving around .
It starts the game : silence .
<unk> from France , <unk> from Italy .
<unk> , people do a quick call , and they go to the bathroom .
Second time . End of time .
First extra time , second .
<unk> , and at a moment , <unk> .
They win Italy , yeah !
That night , everyone went to celebrate the center .
There you see the big peak .
The next day , everybody went to the center of the winning team and the prime minister of then .
And then everybody went down .
You see the picture of the place called <unk> Massimo where , from the Roman time , people will celebrate ; it 's a great party , you can see the peak at the end of the day .
This is just an example of how you can measure the city 's pulse in a way that we could n't do just a few years ago .
Another quick example of detection : it 's not about people , but things we use and we consume .
Today , we know everything about the provenance of our objects .
This is a map that shows all the chips that make up a Mac , how you assemble it .
But we know very little about where things go .
So in this project , we developed some small tags to track garbage on their shift through the system .
We started with a few volunteers who helped us in Seattle recently over a year ago , to tag what they were throwing out -- different kinds of things , as you can see , things that I would all like in terms of .
Then we put a little chip , a tag on the garbage , and then we started <unk> .
These are the results that are coming .
So from Seattle ...
after a week .
With this information , we realized that there are many inefficiencies in the system .
We can do the same with much less energy .
These are data that did n't exist before .
These are complicated things happening , and there 's plenty of unnecessary transportation .
But the other thing we believe is that if we look at every day that the cup that we <unk> does n't go away , that there is still somewhere on the planet .
If the plastic bottle that we <unk> a day is still there .
And if we show that to people , then we will be able to promote some change in behavior .
That was the reason for the project .
My colleague at MIT , <unk> <unk> , could tell us a lot more about detection and many other great things that we can do with that , but I wanted to go to the second part that we talked at the beginning , which is push over the environment .
And the first project is something we made a couple of years ago .
It started with a question from the mayor of the city , which came from and told us that Spain and South Europe has a beautiful tradition of use of water in public spaces , in architecture .
And the question was , how can technology , new technology , join that ?
And one of the ideas that we developed at MIT , in a workshop , was : imagine you 've got a trunk and valves , <unk> valves , <unk> , which opens and closes .
It 's created as a curtain of water , with pixels of water .
If you drop the pixels , you can write on them , show patterns , images , text .
And when you zoom in , the curtain will open up so we can pass , as you see in the image .
We presented this to the mayor of <unk> .
He liked it very much .
And we set up a commission to design the building at the canvas .
We call it the Digital <unk> market .
All the building is made of water .
There 's no door and windows , but when you come up with it , it opens up so you can go through .
The roof is covered with water .
And if there 's a little bit of wind , if you want to minimize the <unk> , the roof you want to minimize .
Or you can close the building and all the architecture disappears , like this .
There will always be somebody , in the winter , when the ceiling goes down , someone who was there and said , `` Let 's make the building . ''
No , it 's not that they 've been demolished , but when it 's low almost all the architecture disappears .
Here it works .
You see people who are going through what 's going on inside .
And here I 'm myself trying to do n't get wet when the sensors you open up .
I think I should tell you what happened one night when all the sensors stopped working .
That night was actually even more fun .
All the kids in <unk> came to the building because the way we interact had changed a little bit .
It was n't a building that was open to leave you , but a building that was still making slices and water holes , and you had to jump into not getting wet .
( Music noise ) And for us that was very interesting because as an architect , engineers , designers , we always think of the use of people to give our designs .
But then the reality is always unpredictable .
And that 's the beauty of doing things to interact , that people use .
This is a picture of the building with the pixels , the pixels of water , and of projections about them .
And this is what led us to think about the next project I 'm going to show you .
Imagine that those pixels could start to fly .
Imagine you could have small helicopters in the air , and that each has a little pixel that changes color as if it 's a cloud that moves in space .
This is the video .
Imagine a helicopter , like the one we saw before , that moves with others in sync .
We could form this cloud .
And a flexible screen like this with a normal configuration in two dimensions .
Or , in three dimensions , where what changes is the light , not the position of the pixels .
You can play with a different kind .
Imagine the screen appears in different scales and sizes , in different types of resolution .
And then all of that could be a 3D pixels cloud that you can get close to , and go through , and see from very different angles .
This is the actual <unk> , going down to form a V , like before .
When the light turns out , you see this . The same thing we saw before .
Imagine each of them controlled by one person .
We can have every pixel with a entry that comes from people , the movement of people , etc. , etc .
I want to show you something for the first time .
We 've been working with <unk> <unk> of the best dancers of ballet dancers today , the <unk> star in New York City and La Scala to capture its 3D movements and use them as input for the <unk> .
Here we can see <unk> dancing .
On the left you see the pixels , capture it in different resolutions .
It 's just so much 3D digitization , as a movement capture .
It can <unk> the whole movement .
You can go all the way .
And once we have the pixels , we can play with them , with the color and movement , with gravity and rotation .
We want to use this as a possible entry for the <unk> .
I wanted to show you the last project we 're working on .
It 's something for the London Olympics .
It 's called the Cloud Cloud .
And the idea is , imagine again , that we could engage people to do something and change our environment as a <unk> farm as a barn farm , but with a cloud .
Imagine we could make them all together a little bit for a pixel .
And I think what 's remarkable that has happened over the last couple of years is that in the last two decades , we went from the physical world to the digital world .
We 've digitized everything , like knowledge , and it 's accessible to the Internet .
Today , and the first time -- and the Obama campaign was <unk> , we can move from the digital world , the self-organizing power of networks , the physical world .
In our case , this may we wanted to use it to design and make a symbol .
That would mean something built in a city .
But tomorrow can be to address the challenges of today , think about climate change or CO2 emissions , how will we move from the digital world to the physical world ?
The idea is that we can make people involved in doing this together , collectively .
The cloud is a cloud , again , made from pixels in the same way that the actual cloud is a particle cloud .
And these particles are water , whereas in our cloud are pixels .
It 's a physical structure in London , but covered from pixels .
You can move inside , have different experiences .
You can see from the bottom , to serve the major moments of 2012 Olympics and even more , and it can be used as a form of connection to the community .
So , it 's a physical cloud of the sky as something that you can climb up , like a new top of London .
You can go in there .
As if it was a new digital navigating at night , but the most important thing is to be a new experience for anyone to go to the top .
Thank you .
Would you like to be better than you are ?
Suppose I told you that , with just a change in your genes , you could improve memory -- for more accurate , more accurate and faster .
Or maybe you 'd like to be in a better way , to be stronger , to have more resistance .
Would you like to be more attractive and secure .
How about living more with good health ?
Or maybe those people who always wanted to be more creative .
What do you want the most ?
What would you like , if you could choose something ?
( Audience Member : Creativity ) Creativity .
How many people would choose creativity ?
Hands up . Let me see .
Few of us probably had the number of creative people present .
That 's very good .
How many would you pick the memory ?
A few more .
And the physical state ?
A little less .
What about longevity ?
Oh , most of them . That makes me feel very well as a doctor .
If you could have some of this the world would be very different .
Is it just imagination ?
Or may it be possible ?
Evolution has been a <unk> theme here at the TED Conference , but I want to give you a doctor 's look at the subject .
The great <unk> of the 20th century , <unk> . <unk> , that also <unk> in the <unk> Church <unk> , wrote an essay called `` nothing in biology , makes sense to the daylight of Evolution . ''
But if they effectively accept biological evolution , consider this : is it just about the past , or the future ?
It refers to others or us ?
This is another look at the tree of life .
The human part of this branch , well at an extreme , is , of course , that we 're most interested in .
It 's a common ancestry with modern chimpanzees about six or eight million years ago .
In the interval , there have been maybe 20 different species of hominids .
Some have gone and come back .
We 've been here about <unk> years ago .
It might seem that we are very far from other parts of this tree of life , but actually , mostly the basic machinery of our cells is more or less the same .
Do you realize that we can leverage the machinery of a common bacterium to produce the protein of human insulin that 's used to treat diabetes ?
This is not like human insulin ; but it 's the same protein , more indistinguishable , coming out of the pancreas .
And talking about bacteria -- you realize that we all carry in the most bacteria that the cells we have in the rest of the body ?
Maybe 10 times more .
I mean , think -- when Antonio Damasio will give you the <unk> -- think about bacteria ?
The gut is a wonderfully hospitable environment for those bacteria .
It 's warm , dark , moist , is very welcoming .
And we 're going to give them all the nutrients that you can want to be able to do with no effort .
It 's really like a fast pathway for bacteria with the occasional disruption of some rush <unk> .
But , by the other thing , we are a wonderful environment for those bacteria in the same way that they are essential to our life .
They help digest essential nutrients , and they protect us from certain diseases .
But what lies the future ?
Are we in a kind of evolutionary balance as a species ?
Or meant to become something different , something maybe better adapted to the environment ?
In this vast symphony <unk> in the universe , life on Earth is as a brief compass , the animal kingdom , as one single and unique <unk> , and human life , a little note of grace .
That was us .
And it was also the entertaining part of this talk , so I hope they loved them .
When I was just <unk> to college , I had my first class of biology .
I was fascinated by elegance and beauty of biology .
I fell in love with the power of evolution , and I realized something fundamental : most of the existence of life , in single-celled organisms , every cell is simply divided and all the genetic energy of that cell is transmitted to the two daughters .
But when organisms appear multicellular , organisms start to change .
It goes into a scene for sexual reproduction .
And something very important : with the emergence of sexual reproduction , the rest of the body becomes <unk> .
In fact , you could say that the inevitability of your body death at the same time of sexual reproduction .
I have to confess that when I was a college student , I was thinking , well , <unk> , <unk> , death for sex -- it seemed quite reasonable at that time , but with every year , I had more doubt .
I got to understand the feelings of George Burns , who was still performing in Vegas in his 90s .
And one night someone hits your hotel door .
He opens the door .
In front of it , he finds a wonderful little dancer of clothes .
He looks at it and says , `` I came up with a `` soup of sex . ''
`` All right , '' says George , `` I chose the soup . ''
I realized , as a doctor , who was working on a different goal to the goal of evolution -- not necessarily counterintuitive , just different .
I was trying to preserve the body .
I wanted us to get healthy .
I wanted to recover health in the disease .
I wanted we live more and healthier .
Evolution is about passing the genome to the next generation ; we adapted and generation generation after generation .
From an evolutionary point of view , you and I are as <unk> rockets to send the genetic charge to the next level of orbital level , and then let us be falling into the sea .
I think we all would understand the feeling that he named Woody Allen when he said , `` I do n't want to achieve immortality through my work .
I want to do not die . ''
Evolution does not necessarily harm longevity .
They do n't necessarily benefit the bigger or the strongest or the faster and even more intelligent .
Evolution benefits the best creatures adapted to their environment .
That 's the only proof of survival and success .
In the bottom of the ocean , the <unk> bacteria that can survive the heat of the <unk> that would produce , if there were fish there , fish fit into the void , yet they 've managed to do that a welcoming environment .
So what does this mean , when we look at what 's happening in evolution , and if you 're going to think about the place of humans in evolution , and in particular , if you look forward , the next phase -- I would say there 's a lot of possibilities .
The first is that you do n't know .
We 've reached a kind of balance .
And the underlying reasoning would be that through medicine , first of all , we 've known to preserve a lot of genes that otherwise would have been discarded and cut out of the population .
And secondly , as a species , we 've set up our environment so that we could be fit as we adapt to it .
And by the way , we migrated , <unk> , and we become so excited that it 's no longer possible to have the necessary isolation of evolution happening .
A second possibility is that there is an evolution of traditional , natural kind , imposed by the forces of nature .
And the argument here would be : that the gears of evolution roll slowly , but they 're <unk> .
And in terms of isolation , when the species <unk> distant planets are going to exist and the environmental changes that can produce natural evolution .
But there is a third possibility , an appealing and intriguing possibility .
And I call it <unk> , new evolution , which is not just natural -- but to hold and pick up for us as individuals in the decisions we will make .
Now , how could this happen ?
How could we get to do this ?
We first consider the reality that many people today , in some cultures , are making decisions about their offspring .
In some cultures , they 're choosing to have more males than women .
It 's not necessarily a good thing for society , but it 's what you choose to the individual and family level .
Think of that as well as possible to be able to choose not just the sex of their offspring , but in their own body to make the genetic settings to cure or prevent diseases .
What if we could make the genetic changes to eliminate diabetes or Alzheimer 's disease or reduce the risk of cancer or eliminate the stroke ?
Do n't you want to make those changes in their genes ?
If we look at the future that kind of changes is going to be increasingly possible .
The Human Genome Project started in 1990 , and he sued 13 years .
<unk> millions of dollars .
The next year of being done , in 2004 , I could do the same work for 20 million dollars in three months .
Today , you can get a complete sequence of the three billion base pairs of the human genome at a cost to a cost of $ 20,000 and a week .
Not a lot to be done to make the human genome actually the human genome for 1,000 and more and more at the fingertips .
These changes come in .
The same technology that has produced human insulin in bacteria can make viruses not only protect us from themselves , but they 're going to induce any other virus .
Believe it or not there is an experimental trial on the course of the flu vaccine , in cells of a tobacco plant .
Can you imagine something good out of tobacco ?
That 's reality today and the future is going to be increasingly possible .
So imagine just another two little changes .
Can you change the cells in their bodies , but if you could change the cells from their offspring ?
What if you could change sperm and the eggs , or change the <unk> egg , and give their children a better chance of a healthier life , to remove diabetes , eliminate the <unk> , reduce the risk of cancer ?
Who does n't want a healthier children ?
And then that same analytical technology , that same motor of the science that can produce changes to prevent diseases will also allow us to adopt <unk> <unk> -- a better memory .
Why do n't you have the ingenuity of a Ken Jennings especially if you could do it with the next generation of the machine Watson ?
Why do n't you have a <unk> muscle that allows us to run faster and further away ?
Why do n't we live longer ?
This is going to be irresistible .
And when we 're in conditions to pass this to the next generation , and we can adopt the attributes that we wanted to have become the evolution of before in <unk> .
We 're going to take a process that normally takes 100,000 years , and we can compress it at 1,000 years and maybe within the next hundred years .
These are elections that their grandchildren , or grandchildren 's grandchildren , are going to have to them .
Are we going to use these choices to a better , more successful , more considered ?
Or are we going to choose selectively different attributes that we want to do for some of us , but not for others ?
Are we going to build a society that is more boring and more uniform or more robust and more maneuverable ?
This is the kind of question we 're going to have to face .
And the deepest thing about all : Are we going to be able to develop the wisdom and inherit the wisdom that we need to make these decisions wisely ?
For good or for bad , and before what you might think of , these choices are going to depend on us .
Thank you .
Imagine a big bang when you 're at 900 feet tall .
Imagine a plane full of smoke .
Imagine a motor making <unk> , <unk> , <unk> .
<unk> , <unk> , <unk> , <unk> . It sounds scary .
Well , I had a single seat that day . I was sitting in the <unk> .
It was the only one I could talk to the flight workers .
So I immediately looked at them , and they said , `` No problem . You probably hit some birds . ''
The pilot already had <unk> the plane , and we were n't so far .
You could see Manhattan .
Two minutes later , three things happened at the same time .
The pilot <unk> the Hudson River .
Mostly that 's not the route .
You get the engines .
Imagine being on a plane and no noises .
And then he said three words .
The three plus words I 've ever heard of .
He said , `` <unk> for the impact . ''
I did n't have to talk more about the flight assistant .
I was able to see it in his eyes .
It was terror . Life ended .
I want to share with you three things that I learned about myself that day .
I learned that everything changes in a moment .
We have this list of things to do before we die , these things we want to do in life , and I thought about all the people I wanted to get and I did n't , all the fences I wanted to repair , all the experiences I 've wanted to have and I never had .
While I was thinking about that later , I came up with a phrase , which is , `` I collect bad wine . ''
Because if the wine is ready , and the person is there , I 'm going to open it up .
I do n't want anything to do anything in life .
And that urgency , that purpose has actually changed my life .
The second thing I learned that day -- and this is when I first learned that day , George Washington Bridge , which was n't for a lot -- I thought about , wow , I really feel a great thing .
I 've lived a good life .
In my humanity , and my mistakes have tried to improve everything I did .
But in my humanity , I also took place to my ego .
And I 'm sorry about time I wasted in things that mattered on people I do matter .
And I thought about my relationship with my wife , my friends , with people .
And then , as <unk> on that , I decided to remove the negative energy of my life .
It 's not perfect , but it 's much better .
In two years I have n't had a fight with my wife .
It feels wonders .
I 'm not trying to be right ; I 'll be happy to be happy .
The third thing I learned -- and this is like your mental clock is going to go , `` 15 , 14 , 13 . ''
You see the water 's <unk> .
I 'm saying , `` Please fly . ''
I do n't want this to break into 20 pieces as you see in those documentaries .
And as I went on , I had the feeling of , wow , dying is not afraid .
It 's almost like we 've been <unk> for that .
But it was very sad .
I did n't want to go ; I love my life .
And that sadness became a single thought , which is , just wish one thing .
I wish I could see my kids grow .
One month later , I was in an acting performance of my daughter -- the first grade , not a lot of artistic talent -- still , and I scream , cry , like a little .
And for me , that was the reason for the world to be in the world .
At that point I understood these two points , that the only thing that matters in my life is to be a great parent .
For above all , the only goal I have in life is to be a good parent .
I was a miracle , not to die that day .
And I was another gift that was a chance to look at the future and come back and live differently .
You 're flying today , the challenge you 're going to imagine that the same thing is going on on your airplane -- and please not be like that -- but imagine , and how would you change ?
What would you do , they 're still expecting to do because they think they 're going to live forever ?
How do your relationships change and the negative energy in them ?
And most importantly , are the best parents who can ?
Thank you .
I 've clearly been blessed in life with many amazing projects .
But the most great thing I worked was for this guy .
The guy is called <unk> .
<unk> was one of the most important <unk> in the '80s .
One day he got his house after running , and he said , `` Dad , I feel like pins on the legs . ''
And that was the beginning of ALS .
Today <unk> has total paralysis .
You can only use the eyes .
Your job influenced me .
I have a design company and animation , so , obviously , graffiti is somewhat intricate we admire and respect in the world of art .
So we decided that we were going to sponsor Tony , <unk> , and its cause .
So I went and met with his brother and his father and said , `` Let 's give you this money .
What are you going to do with it ? ''
And his brother said , `` I just want to be able to talk to Tony again .
I just want to be able to communicate with it and he 's able to communicate with me . ''
And I said , `` A second , is n't that I saw Stephen <unk> 's not that all people with paralysis can communicate through those devices ? ''
And he said , `` No , unless you 're somebody important , you can not actually do it .
These devices are not affordable for people . ''
And I said , `` Well , how do they communicate ? ''
Does anyone look at the film , `` Do you roll it up and the butterfly ? ''
They communicate in that way -- they 're making it with your finger .
I said , `` That 's archaic . How can it be ? ''
So I presented with the only desire to deliver a check , and instead of that I signed a check that had no idea how I was going to cover it .
I committed to his brother and his father there at the very moment , `` All right , this is the deal : Tony 's going to talk , we 're going to build a machine , and we 're going to find a way to make his art again .
Because it 's ridiculous that someone who 's so inside you can not communicate it . ''
So I talked about a conference a couple of months later .
I met these guys called `` <unk> Research Lab , '' which have a technology that allows you to project a light on any surface , and then , with a laser pointer , draw over that and register the negative space .
So they go around doing art installations like this .
All the things that appear , they say , they 're part of a life cycle .
They start with the sex organs , then with the bad words , after the Bush attacks , and at the end , people start to make art .
But there was always a cycle of life in their presentations .
And so the journey started .
And about two years later , about a year later , after a lot of organization , and very much move things on one side , we had achieved a couple of things .
One , we touch the gates of insurance companies and we got a machine that could be able to communicate , a machine like Stephen Hawking .
Which was great .
And , seriously , it 's the most fun thing . I call him <unk> , because when you talk to the guy you get an email from him , and you say , `` I do n't deserve it . This guy is fantastic . ''
The other thing we did was bring seven programmers from all over the world of every corner of the <unk> to our house .
My wife , kids and I , we moved to the garage back and these hackers and programmers and <unk> and <unk> took control of the house .
A lot of our friends thought that we did something completely stupid , and that when you had <unk> , they would have taken out of the walls and in their place , would have graffiti .
But for two weeks , we went to the shipping walk in Venice , my son was part , my dog , and we created this .
It 's called <unk> , and you can see the description .
They 're a couple of cheap sun glasses that we bought at the shipping walk in Venice Beach , some copper wire and <unk> stuff and Radio Shack .
We took a camera camera , we open it up , we put it together on a light of LED light , and now there 's a device that 's free -- and it builds yourself ; we published the code for the software , the software went down for free .
And we created a device that has no limitation at all .
There 's no insurance company that says no .
There 's no hospital I can say , `` No . ''
Any person with paralysis today has access to draw and communicate using only their eyes .
Thank you .
Thank you very much . That was awesome .
So at the end of the two weeks , we went back to the <unk> room .
I love this picture because this is the other person 's room , and that 's his room .
There was all this <unk> and <unk> during the great opening .
And after more than a year of planning , two weeks of programming , two weeks of my night , Tony came back to draw for the first time in seven years .
And this is a wonderful picture , because this is the support system of his life , and it 's looking through the life support system .
We ran the bed of bed so I could see .
And we put a projector on a wall of the parking lot of the hospital .
And he came back to draw for the first time in front of his family and friends -- and you can imagine what the feeling in the parking lot was .
The funny thing was that we had to bust in the parking lot , so we feel like we were <unk> the graffiti too .
At the end of this , he sent us an email , and this was what was like , `` This was the first time I was drawing in seven years .
I felt like I had been under the water and somebody finally came to <unk> and pulled me out of there so I could breathe . ''
Is n't that wonderful ?
In some ways , that 's our scream for war .
That 's what keeps us moving , developing .
And we have a long way to go with this .
It 's a cool device , but it 's the equivalent of a screen display .
Someone with this artistic potential deserves a lot more .
So we 're trying to figure out how to improve it and make it faster and robust .
Since then , we 've had all kinds of recognition .
We 've won a lot of awards .
Remember , it 's free ; none of us are making money with this .
Everything comes out of our own pockets .
The prizes were like , `` Oh , this is fantastic . ''
Armstrong tweeted something about us , and then , in December , Time magazine acknowledged us as one of the 50 best inventions in 2010 , and it was really cool .
The best thing about all of this -- -- this is what ends up the <unk> is that in April of this year on the Library of library in downtown Los Angeles , there 's going to be an exhibition called Art in <unk> .
And `` Art in <unk> '' is going to have the best <unk> of urban art , <unk> <unk> , <unk> , <unk> all of them going to be there .
<unk> is going to be on the show which is pretty impressive .
So basically this is my idea : if you see something that 's not possible , do it possible .
None of the things in this room was possible -- the stage , the computer , the microphone , nothing was possible at some point .
Do it happen -- anything in this room .
I 'm not a programmer , I never did anything with eye recognition technology -- I simply recognized something and I 'm very excited with wonderful people in order to make it happen .
And these are the questions that I want us all to do every day when we find something that we feel that we have to do . If it 's not now , when is n't I , who ?
Thank you guys .
I 've spent the last few years working in situations usually very difficult and at the same time as dangerous .
I went to prison -- hard .
I worked in a coal mine -- dangerous .
Film in the conflict of war , hard and dangerous .
And it spent 30 days eating just this -- fun at the beginning , something hard in the middle , very dangerous at the end .
In fact , in a lot of my career , I 've been engaging in situations in horrible situations with the only goal to deal with , to examine social issues in ways that sounds like , interesting , and hopefully analyze it in a way that looked like entertaining and accessible to the audience .
So when I knew I was coming here to make a TEDTalk about the world of brands and sponsorship , I wanted to do something a little different .
So , some may have heard , or not , a couple of weeks ago , I took a warning in <unk> .
And I sent some messages on Facebook , some on Twitter , offered the rights of the name of my TEDTalk in 2011 .
So what I had was this : `` Well , I 'm going to call him his <unk> show : my TEDTalk that you have no idea what it is , and according to content , I might be able to get it in the face , especially if I put it in ridiculous , you or your company .
But I said this is a great media opportunity . ''
Do you know how many people look at these TEDTalks ?
A lot .
It 's a degree in progress , by the way .
So even with that cartoon , I knew that someone was going to buy the rights of the name .
If you had asked me a year , I would n't have asked them to tell him for sure .
But in the new film I 'm working on , we looked at the world of marketing , of advertising .
And as I said earlier , I 've been involved in horrible situations in the last few years , but nothing could be made out of me , nothing could be <unk> , for something that is so difficult or as dangerous as to go into the rooms with these guys .
You see , I had this idea for a film .
Morgan <unk> : I want to make a film that I tried to go about the <unk> of products , marketing and advertising , and all the film financed by <unk> of products , marketing and advertising .
The film is going to call `` The biggest biggest never sold . ''
What happens in `` The biggest largest movie never sold '' is that all of the top down at the bottom , in principle , has pictures of brand , all the time -- from the <unk> that appears before the title , the X brand .
Now this brand , <unk> <unk> , <unk> Center .
These people <unk> the film in perpetuity .
And so the film is exploring all this idea . ( Michael <unk> : It 's redundant .
I 'm a person redundant . ( MK : I 'm just saying it . It was more emphasis .
It was `` In perpetuity . Stop . ''
But we 're not just going to have the sponsor of the X-ray , in the title , but we 're going to make sure we put out all the categories that we could in the film .
Maybe we sell a shoe , and it becomes the most cool shoe that you 've used ...
The biggest car that you 've driven in `` The biggest biggest never sold '' -- the best drink you heard from `` The biggest biggest never sold . ''
<unk> <unk> : The idea is then to be able to show the brands as part of the life , to make them a shot ? ( MS : Make it <unk> the film . ) MS : And we actually showed the whole process of how it works .
The goal of the film is transparency .
You 're going to see the whole process in this film .
That 's the whole idea , all the film , in principle .
And I would love to help you help make it happen .
Robert Friedman : You know , it 's funny because it 's the first time I hear that ; it 's the ultimate respect for the audience .
<unk> : However , I do n't know how biased people are going to be .
<unk> : Do you have a perspective -- I do n't know if `` angle '' is very <unk> , but you know how it 's going to make an effect ? ( MS : No idea . ) David <unk> : How much money does it need to do this ?
MS : A million and a half million . ) ( DC : Okay . ) All right -- John Kamen : I think it 's going to be difficult for them , but it 's certainly going to be worth convincing a pair of big brands .
<unk> : Who knows , maybe for the moment the film comes out , we saw a lot of joyful idiots .
MS : What do you think that 's going to be the answer ?
Stuart <unk> : Most of the answers will be `` no . ''
MS : But it 's going to be a difficult thing to sell , in the film , or for me ?
JK : Both things .
MS : It means you 're not very optimistic .
So , help me ? I need help .
MK : I can help .
MS : All right . ( MK : Okay . ) Awesome .
MK : We have to think about what brands .
MS : Yes . ( MK : That 's the challenge ) When you look at the people you have to treat ...
MK : We have some places where to go . ( MS : Okay . ) Let 's make the camera .
MS : I thought , `` shuts down the camera '' meant we have a conversation outside .
<unk> the camera means `` We do n't want to know anything about your film . ''
MS : And so , one for one , all of these companies suddenly disappeared .
None wanted to have anything to do with this film .
It was shocked .
They did n't want to know anything with this project .
And I was very impressed ; I thought that the concept of advertising , it was present to as many people as possible , to make as many people as possible .
Especially in the world today , this intersection of new media and old media and the stage of the media , is not the idea to have that new vehicle worthy of attention that 's going to lead the message to the masses ?
No , that 's what I thought .
But the problem was , you see , that my idea had a <unk> error , and that error was this one .
No , there was no such mistake .
There was no mistake at all .
This would have been right .
But the problem was what this image represents .
See , when you look for <unk> images on Google , you see -- this is one of the first images that come out .
I like a way to roll , Sergey Brin . No .
This was the problem : transparency -- free of simulation or seen -- easily detected or seen , which is characterized by the visibility or affordability of information , especially in business practices -- the last line probably the biggest problem .
You see , we heard a lot about transparency in these days .
Our politicians named name , the president of claims , even the CEOs are named .
But suddenly when it 's trying to make it something , it really changes a sudden .
But why ? Well , transparency gives fear -- like that weird bear that 's still <unk> .
It 's unpredictable -- like this rare rural path .
And it 's also very risky .
What else is a risky ?
I had an entire bowl of <unk> <unk> .
That 's very risky .
When I started talking to companies and tell you that we wanted to tell this story , and they said , `` No , we want you to tell <unk> history .
We want a story to tell a story , but tell you a story . ''
See , when I was a kid , and my father caught me in a lie in some lie -- and he 's him staring at it as he said , `` Son , there are three sides in every story .
There 's your story , there 's my story , and there 's the real story . ''
As you can see , in this film , we wanted to tell the real story .
But with just one company , an agency wanting to help me -- and that 's just because I knew John Bond and Richard <unk> from many years -- I realized I would have to go through my own , I would have to take out the middle and go to the companies with all my team .
So what I started to see is that what I started to show is that when you start talking to the companies , the idea of understanding your brand is a universal problem .
MS : I have friends who make big , giant films and others who make small , independent films , like mine .
And my friends who make big Hollywood movies , giant people say the reason their films have so successful is because of the associated brands they have .
And then my friends who do independent films say , `` Well , how are we supposed to compete with these big , giant Hollywood movies ? ''
And the movie is called `` The biggest biggest never sold . ''
How are we going to see specifically in the film ?
Every time I 'm going to go out , every time I open my <unk> , you 'll see the deodorant of it .
At any time for an interview with somebody , I can say , `` Are you good for this interview ?
Are you ready ? You look a little bit nervous .
I want to help you with you .
Maybe you should put yourself a little bit about this before the interview . ''
And that would offer one of these fabulous <unk> .
Both <unk> <unk> like `` Paradise <unk> '' are going to have their opportunity .
We 're going to have a man as a woman as a woman , solid , to <unk> , in bar , whatever .
That 's the general look .
Now I can answer your questions and give you a look <unk> .
Karen Frank : We 're a small brand .
It 's similar to the smallest type of film that you had ever made ; we 're more well a rival mark .
So we do n't have the budget that they have other brands .
So doing things like that , you know , remind people of the people is the reason that we 're interested in .
MS : What words would they use to describe with us was born ?
He 's in a blank man .
KF : That 's a big question .
Volunteer : higher technology .
MS : Technology is not the way you want to describe something that you put in the <unk> .
Man : We talk about something audacious , cool .
I think that `` cool '' is a great word that puts this category in positive versus `` combat and sweat . ''
It keeps you cool .
How we keep you cool more time ? With better freshness , more freshness , three times cooler .
Things like those who highlight the benefits .
MS : And that 's a <unk> company .
What about me ? What about a common kind ?
I need to talk to the man on the street , people like me , to the common <unk> .
They have to talk to me about my brand .
MS : How do you define your brand ?
Man : Mmm my mark ?
I do n't know .
I like good clothes .
Woman : reviving the '80s , <unk> punk ' unless it 's turned out .
MS : Okay , what is the <unk> brand ?
<unk> : One one . ( MS : unique ) Man : I guess the type of gender , the style that I have would be like a dark <unk> .
I like a lot of dark colors , many gray colors and things like that .
Usually I 'm wearing accessories like sunglasses , or I like crystals and similar .
Woman : If Dan were a brand might be a classic <unk> , ' Mercedes Benz .
Man 2 : The brand I am , I would call it casual <unk> .
Woman 2 : In a hippie part , in part of <unk> , in part of <unk> Brooklyn , I do n't know .
Man 3 : I 'm the type of pets .
They gave birth toys for pets in the country and in the world .
So I guess that 's my brand .
In my little sector , that 's my brand .
Man 4 : My brand is FedEx , because you manipulate the commodities .
Man 5 : Man <unk> failed .
Is that something ?
<unk> : I 'm a lawyer .
Tom : I 'm Tom .
MS : Well , we ca n't all be caught by Tom , but I 'm often struck at the intersection of dark <unk> and casual <unk> .
I realized I needed an expert .
I needed somebody who could go into my head , somebody who could help me understand what they call the brand `` brand personality . ''
And I found a company called Arthur <unk> in Pittsburgh .
They helped companies like <unk> , <unk> , Hallmark to discover that personality personality .
If they could do that for them , they could surely do it for me .
<unk> : <unk> the photos , right ?
MS : Yes . The first picture is a familiar picture .
A little bit about how it relates to your thoughts and feelings .
MS : These people shape my way of seeing the world .
A : Tell me about that world .
MS : That world -- I think your world is the world you live in -- as the people around you , your family , your family , the way you live in your life , the work you do .
All of those things come from , and they start in a place and in my case where you start and start in my family , in West Virginia .
A : What 's the next one you want to talk about ?
MS : The next one is , `` This was the best day of my life . ''
A : How does this relate to your thoughts and feelings and your way ?
MS : It 's like who I wanted to be .
I like different things .
I like weird things . I like weird things .
A : Tell me about why , what is that for us ?
What 's the machete ? What 's the dollar phase you 're going to do now ?
Why is it important to reset ? What is the red ?
Tell me a little bit about that .
A little more of you , which is not who you are .
What other <unk> have you had ?
You do n't have to be afraid .
MS : <unk> ! ( A : Thank you . ) No , thank you .
A : Thank you for your patience . ( MS : Great work ) A : Yeah . ( MS : Thank you very much . ) All right .
MS : Yeah , I do n't know what 's going to get out of this .
There was a lot of madness .
<unk> <unk> : The first thing I saw was this idea that there are two different sides , but complementary , on your brand personality -- the brand Morgan is a <unk> brand .
They 're very good at them .
And I think there 's almost a paradox in them .
And I think some companies would only be embedded in one of their strengths , or in the other instead of focusing on both .
A lot of companies tend to have -- -- and it 's nature <unk> to avoid the things that are not safe ; they avoid fear , those elements , and you actually give them a little bit positive for you , and it 's nice to see that .
What other brands are that ?
The first here is the classic , Apple .
And you can also see here in Target , Wii , Mini in <unk> <unk> and <unk> .
Now there are playful marks and conscious brands , those things that have gone and come from , but a <unk> brand is pretty powerful .
MS : A <unk> mark . What 's your brand ?
If someone asks you to write your brand identity , your brand personality , what would be ?
Are you a bottom-up attribute ? Are you somebody who makes blood flow ?
Or are you more well a top-down attribute ?
A little quieter , store , conservative ?
<unk> attributes are like being playful to be fresh , like the Prince , contemporary , bold , bold , bold , profane , profane , dominant , magical or mystic as <unk> .
Or are you more well from descending attribute ?
Are you conscious , sophisticated as <unk> ?
Are you established , traditional , provider , protector , for you , `` Oprah ? ''
You 're reliable , stable , family , familiar , safe , contemplative , wise , contemplative , wiser , like the Dalai Lama or <unk> ?
Over the course of this film , we had over 500 companies and bottom-up and descending shoes to say , `` No , '' they did n't want to be part of this project .
They did n't want to have anything to do with this film , mainly because they would n't have control , they would n't have control over the end product .
They allowed us to tell the story of the <unk> , and we got to tell the story in this film of how they now use MRI to identify the centers of desire in the brain , both for commercial marketing for a movie theater .
We went to St. Paulo where they have banned the publicity in the air .
In the entire city for the last five years , there 's no fences , there 's no posters , no billboards , nothing .
And we went to school districts where companies are getting their way into schools with cash problems in America .
The amazing thing for me is that the projects that I 've had the biggest answer , or the ones I 've been more successful are those in which I 've interacted with things directly .
And that 's what these brands did .
They went to the <unk> , they took away their agencies , and they said maybe these agencies do n't have my best interest in mind .
I 'm going to treat it directly with the artist .
I 'm going to work with it to create something different , something that 's going to make people think about the way we look at the world .
And how did you go ? Did they succeed ?
Well , since the film was released at Sundance , let 's take a look .
According to the film that was released in January , and this is not <unk> , we 've had 900 million impressions in the media for this film .
This covers only a period of two weeks .
That 's just online -- no press , no TV .
The movie is still not <unk> .
It 's still not online . It 's not in <unk> .
It 's not even presented in other countries yet .
Ultimately , this film has begun to win momentum .
And it 's not bad , because almost all the agencies we speak to their customers wo n't be part of .
I 've always believed that if you take risks , if you take risks , that in those risks there are opportunities .
I think when you get people out of that is pushing them to failure .
I think when you train their employees at risk aversion is preparing their entire company to lack of rewards .
I feel that what 's going to happen to go forward is we have to encourage people to take chances .
We need to encourage people who are not afraid of the opportunities that they can afford to do .
Ultimately , I will move forward , I think we have to give it to fear .
We have to put that bear in a cage .
Let 's fear fear . Let 's make the risk .
From one <unk> at the time , we have to embrace the risk .
And ultimately , we have to harbor transparency .
Today , more than ever a bit of honesty is going to go a long way .
And I said this , with honesty and transparency , all my talk , the Transparency Transparency has been presented by my good friends of <unk> who had bought the rights of the name in <unk> .
<unk> : <unk> great data in great opportunities for companies around the world .
<unk> presents it .
Thank you very much people .
June Cohen : So Morgan , on the name of transparency , which happened exactly with those dollars ?
MS : It 's a remarkable question .
In my pocket , I have a check on the name of the TED matrix , the Sapling Foundation , a check for dollars to be applied to my help for TED next year .
So the idea behind the online computer graphics is actually very simple .
We do n't want Iran to get nuclear bomb .
Their biggest active to develop nuclear weapons is the <unk> <unk> plant .
The gray boxes that you see are real-time control systems .
If we managed to compromise these systems that control speeds and valves , we can cause a lot of problems with the centrifuge .
<unk> boxes are not using Windows software ; they 're a completely different technology .
But if we could put a effective cash virus in a laptop computer , by an engineer to set up this gray box , then we 're ready .
This is the plan behind Stuxnet .
We started with a Windows <unk> .
The <unk> enters the gray box , damages the centrifuge , and the Iranian nuclear program is slow ; mission accomplished .
It 's easy , huh ?
I want to tell you how we discovered this .
When we started investigating about Stuxnet six months ago , the purpose was completely unknown .
The only thing that you knew is that it 's very , very complex on the Windows part : the <unk> used multiple vulnerabilities <unk> .
It seemed like to want to do something with these gray boxes , these control systems .
So that struck us , and we started an experiment where we infect our environment with Stuxnet and we saw what was going on with this .
So they did very strange things .
Stuxnet behaves like a laboratory rat that did n't like our cheese : he smelled , but he did n't want to eat .
It did n't make sense for me .
And after experiment with different flavors of cheese , I realized , and I thought , `` This is a run attack .
It 's completely addressed . ''
The <unk> is actively seeking active in the gray box if you find a specific configuration , and even if the program that 's trying to infect is actually working on that place .
If no , Stuxnet does nothing .
So that called my attention , and we started working on this almost 24 hours a day , because I thought , `` We do n't know what the goal is . ''
It could be , let 's say , a U.S. energy plant , or a chemical plant in Germany .
Better than <unk> the target soon .
So we pulled out and <unk> the attack code , and we found that it was structured in two digital bombs : a little and big one .
We also saw that they were highly armed armed armed by people that obviously had all the inner information .
We 'll take all the points from which we attack .
You probably even know how much of the operator will match the operator .
So you know everything .
And if you 've heard that if you 've heard that Stuxnet is complex and high-tech , let me tell you , the burden is very complex .
It 's very above all we 've seen before .
Here you see a sample of this code .
We 're talking about 15 lines of code .
It looks pretty much the old assembler language .
I want to tell you how we could find meaning to this code .
What we were looking for at the beginning was called the system of the system , because we know what they do .
And then we were looking for <unk> and data structures , and we were trying to do it with the real world , with very potential goals of the real world .
We need theories about recipients that we can pass or fix .
To get to theories about goals , we remember that it 's definitely a violent <unk> , it has to be a precious white white , and it 's surely located in Iran , because it 's where most of the infections has been <unk> .
You do n't find a number of thousands of targets in that area .
It basically boils down to the nuclear energy plant of <unk> and <unk> <unk> plant .
So I said to my assistant , `` Let me put a list of all experts in <unk> and power plants between our clients . ''
I called them and I consulted them in an effort to prescribe their experience with what we found in code and data .
And it worked pretty well .
So we were able to associate the little digital <unk> with control of rotor .
So rotor is that mobile part , inside the centrifuge , that black object you see .
If you manage the speed of this rotor , they certainly can be able to make the centrifuge explode .
What we also saw is that the goal of the attack was to make it slow and <unk> an obvious effort to go back to the nest maintenance engineers , so they could n't solve this very quickly .
We 're trying to decipher the big digital <unk> looking very closely looking at the data and their structures .
So , for example , the number of <unk> stands up in that code , you ca n't get it away .
I started to investigate scientific literature on how these <unk> are built in <unk> and found that they 're structured in what 's called a waterfall , and each waterfall contains <unk> <unk> .
That made sense , there was a coincidence .
And it got better .
These <unk> in Iran are divided into 15 parts called stages .
And guess what we found in the attack code ?
A structure almost identical .
So again , that was a good coincidence .
This gave us a lot of confidence in understanding what we had between hands .
For no misunderstanding , it was n't .
The results have been taken after several weeks of hard work .
It 's usually <unk> in dead ends and we had to start back .
Even so , we discovered that both digital warheads were just one and very objective , but from different angles .
The small <unk> is taking a waterfall , and making the rotors , and the big <unk> is communicating with six waterfalls and manipulating valves .
In addition , we are very confident that we 've determined what the recipient is .
It 's <unk> , and it 's just <unk> .
We do n't have to worry about other goals being used by Stuxnet .
So here I show you some very interesting things that we saw , really impressed me .
There 's the gray box , and you see the <unk> .
What this thing does is <unk> the values of sensors for example , of pressure sensors and vibration sensors and provides legitimate source , which is still running through attack , with false entry data .
And believe it or not , these fake entry data are <unk> by Stuxnet .
It 's like in Hollywood movies where , during the robbery , the security camera feeds on <unk> video .
That 's great huh ?
The idea here is obviously not just <unk> the operators in the control room .
It 's really much more dangerous and aggressive .
The idea is a digital security system .
We need digital security systems where a human operator could n't act fast .
For example , in a power plant , when the big steam turbine is happening , you must open escape from a second .
Obviously , this ca n't do it a human operator .
That 's where we need digital security systems .
And when they 're engaged , then you can spend bad things .
The plant can exploit .
And the <unk> , the security system , you 'll notice it .
That scares it .
But it can be worse .
What I 'm going to say is very important .
Think about this . This attack is generic .
It has nothing to do , specifically , with <unk> , with <unk> of uranium .
It could also work as well , for example , in an energy plant , or in a automotive factory .
It 's generic .
And you do n't have , like , disseminate this burden on a USB key , as we saw in the case of Stuxnet .
You could also use conventional technology from <unk> .
They were going to be more possible .
And if you made that , what you 're going to do is with a <unk> of mass destruction .
That 's the consequence that we should face .
Unfortunately , the largest set of goals for such attacks is not in the Middle East .
It 's in the United States and in Japan .
All the green areas are a large number of goals .
We need to face the consequences , and better than we start to make it now .
Thank you .
Chris Anderson : I have a question .
Ralph , it 's been public in many sides that people assume that <unk> is the main entity behind this .
What 's your opinion ?
Ralph <unk> : Okay , you really want to hear this ?
Yeah . Okay .
My view is that the <unk> is involved , but the engine is not Israel .
The motor behind this is cyber superpower .
There 's one one , and that 's the United States , fortunately , fortunately .
Because , otherwise , our problems would be even bigger .
CA : Thank you for <unk> . Thank you , Ralph .
So I want you to imagine a robot that you can take and give you <unk> skills , or another one that does users of wheelchair raise you and go back to walk .
In <unk> <unk> , we call these robots , exoskeletons .
It 's nothing different from something that gets in the morning , gives you a big force , which also increases its speed , and helps you , for example , drive the balance .
It 's actually the real integration of man and the machine .
But not only that -- it can integrate it and connect it to the universe and with other foreign beings .
This is not an unreal idea .
So to show you now what we 're working on , we started talking about the American soldier who , on average , has to take on their back a <unk> charge , and they 're getting up even more equipment .
Obviously , this leads to some major complications -- injuries on my back , in 30 percent of the soldiers -- with chronic harm from back .
We decided to contemplate this challenge and create a exoskeleton that could help drive the issue .
Let me introduce you to the <unk> -- or the Human Human <unk> .
Soldier : With the corpus exoskeleton , I can carry 90 pounds on variable land for many hours .
Their flexible design , it allows you to put squatting and execute the movements with great agility .
I want to do what I want to do , or where I want to go , and then it increases my strength and my resistance .
<unk> <unk> : We 're ready , with our industrial partner , to produce this device , this new exoskeleton , this year .
So it 's a reality .
So let 's look back to the users of wheelchairs , which I 'm particularly passionate about .
There are 68 million people in the back of the wheelchair , around the world .
Like one percent of the total population .
And this is a really conservative calculation .
We talk about something that happens very often , very young people , with damage in the column that they started their life -- at 20 , 30 or 40 years -- collide against a wall and the wheelchair turns out to be their only option .
We also talk about the population that are older than quickly .
His only option , many times -- for brain injury or some other complication -- is the wheelchair .
And this has been like this for the last 500 years , since its successful emergence , as I should recognize .
So we decided to start by writing a new chapter about mobility .
Let me introduce you to the <unk> that 's using Amanda <unk> who 's 19 years ago had a spinal cord injury , and as a result of it could n't walk for 19 years , so far .
Amanda <unk> : Thank you .
EB : Amanda is using our <unk> , that I mentioned .
It has some sensors .
completely <unk> on the crutches that they send signals to the computer on board , here on the back .
There are some batteries here that give the motors to the motors on the hips , and on the knees , and they make it move with this smooth and very natural ride .
AB : I was 24 years at the top of my life when , for a strange leap in the air , skiing costs down , paralyzed .
In a fraction of a second , I lost every feeling and everything of the pelvis go down .
Shortly after , a doctor walked into my room in the hospital , and he said , `` Amanda , you 'll never walk away . ''
That was 19 years ago .
I was stealing until the last ounce of hope of my self .
<unk> technology since then , has allowed me to learn to <unk> down in <unk> , climbing rocks and even ride a hand .
But they have n't invented anything that lets me walk , so far .
Thank you .
EB : As you can see , we have the technology , we have the platforms for sitting and talk to you .
It 's in our hands , and we have all the potential here to change our lives to future generations -- not just soldiers , but Amanda , and all the users of the wheelchair , all of us .
AB : Thank you .
I just came back from a community that has the secret of human survival .
It 's a place where women have the baton , practice sex to say hello , and the game is the order of the day -- where fun is serious .
And no , it 's not the <unk> Man or San Francisco .
Ladies and gentlemen , they know their cousins .
This is the world of the wild bonobos of the rainforests of Congo .
The bonobos are , along with chimpanzees , their closest living relatives .
That means that we all share a common ancestry , an evolutionary grandmother , which lived about six million years ago .
Now the chimps are known for their aggression .
But unfortunately , we 've been very focused on this in our narratives of human evolution .
But the bonobos are showing us the other side of the coin .
Whereas the chimps are dominated by large , terrifying guys , the Bonobo Bonobo is in charge of females with power .
These guys have created something special , because this leads to a very tolerant society where lethal violence has not been observed .
But unfortunately , the bonobos are the least <unk> of the great apes .
They live in the depths of the rainforest , and it 's been very difficult to study them .
The Congo is a paradox of extraordinary biodiversity and beauty , but also the heart of the <unk> itself -- the stage of a violent conflict that has been sustained by decades and caused almost as many deaths as the First World War .
No wonder that this destruction will also put in danger of the Bonobo 's survival .
<unk> for hunting and deforestation do you do n't have to fill in nor a stadium with the bonobos that remain in the world -- and honestly , we 're not sure about it .
However , in this land of violence and chaos , you can hear the laugh hidden <unk> the trees .
Who are these cousins ?
We know them as the ape , `` make love , not war , '' because they have frequent , <unk> , bisexual sex to handle conflict and solve social problems .
I 'm not saying this is the solution to all the problems of humanity , because the life of the Bonobo is more than the <unk> <unk> .
By the bonobos , like humans , they love to play throughout their entire life .
Play is not just a game of children .
For us , and for them , the game is fundamental to establish ties and encourage tolerance .
With it , we learn to trust , and we learn the rules of the game .
Play enhances creativity and resilience and has to do with the generation of diversity -- diversity of interactions , diversity of behaviors , diversity of connections .
And when you look at the game , you see the kind of <unk> roots of laughter , the dance and the human ritual .
The game is the glue that unites us .
I do n't know how you play , but I want to show you a couple unique videos of the wild .
First , it 's a Bonobo 's <unk> game , and I 'm not talking about football .
Here 's a female and a young male male in the middle of a persecution .
Look at what she 's doing .
It could be the evolutionary origin of the phrase , `` You have it on the balls . ''
I just think that in this case he loves it , right ?
Yeah .
So the sex game is common as much in bonobos as humans .
And this video is really interesting , because it shows -- this video is really interesting , because it shows the genius of bringing unusual elements into the game -- like <unk> and also how play requires trust and promotes trust -- and at the same time it 's the most fun .
But the game is <unk> .
The game is <unk> , you can take a lot of ways , some of which are more <unk> , imaginative , curious -- maybe the place where the wonder will be made .
And I want you to see -- this is <unk> , a young female , who is playing with that she 's kind of playing with .
I think , like her , sometimes we play alone , and explore the boundaries of our inner worlds and outside .
And it 's the playful curiosity that drives us to explore , to interact , and then the unexpected connections that we formed are the real skull of creativity .
These are just small samples of understanding that Bonobos give us our past and present .
But they also have a secret to our future , a future in which we have to adapt to a more and more difficult world with creativity and greater cooperation .
The secret is that play is the key to these capabilities .
In other words , the game is our <unk> of adaptation .
To adapt to a world that changes we have to play .
But would we take the most of our play capability ?
The game is not frivolous .
The game is essential .
For bonobos and human equally , life is not just cruel and ruthless .
When it seems less appropriate to play , you can be the moments where the most urgent thing .
So primates , let 's accept this gift of evolution and play together while creativity , the friendship and the wonder .
Thank you .
In New York , I 'm responsible for a non-profit for a nonprofit organization called Robin Hood .
When I 'm not fighting poverty , <unk> fires like a captain on a <unk> body in a volunteer body .
And in our city , where it 's in our city , you know , when they cultivate highly skilled staff , you have to get to the fire site very soon to get into action .
I remember my first fire .
I was the second volunteer in the site , so I had a pretty high chance of going .
But still there was a career on the other volunteers to get to the captain in charge and figure out what our homework was .
When I found the captain , I was <unk> in a conversation with the owner that was certainly going through one of the worst days of his life .
We were in full night , and she was standing out in the rain , under an umbrella , in the pajamas , in the course of his house , while his house was on fire .
The other volunteer I had just arrived before I was , <unk> <unk> <unk> came first to the captain , and he asked him to go and save the dog owner 's dog .
The dog ! I was <unk> jealous .
There was a lawyer or <unk> of money that , for the rest of his life , he would have to tell people that I entered a burning building to save a living , just because I won for five seconds .
Well , I was the following .
The captain made me a <unk> .
He said , `` Bezos , I need you to get home .
I need to go up , put the fire , and bring it to this woman a couple of shoes . ''
I swear .
It was n't exactly what I expected , but I was -- I went up the stairs , at the end of the hall , went to the <unk> department , ' that at that height or less had ended up getting off the fire and entered the main room for a pair of shoes .
I know what you 're thinking , but I 'm not a hero .
I took my payload back through the staircase where I met my <unk> and the lovely dog on the front door .
We got out of the house , the treasures for the house owner , where , like waiting , his treasure received much more attention than me .
A few weeks later , the department received a letter from the house owner to the courageous effort to save their house .
The kindness that she looked at about the other was that someone had reached even a pair of shoes .
Both in my calling in Robin Hood , as in my calling as a volunteer fireman , I am a witness of generosity and kindness on a monumental scale , but also acts of grace and courage to the individual level .
And you know what I 've learned ?
Everything has its importance .
So , when I look at this room to people who have achieved , or they 're for the remarkable levels of success , I 'd like to remind you this : not wait .
Not wait to win the first million to make a difference in somebody 's life .
If you have something to give , I 'm going to take you up now .
You 're going to grow food in a dining room , <unk> a neighborhood park .
They 're mentors .
Not every day we 're going to have the chance to save someone 's life , but each day we will be able to influence someone 's life .
So I trained the game ; they 'll make the shoes .
Thank you .
Bruno Giussani : Mark , Mark , comes back .
Mark Bezos : Thank you .
This may seem strange , but I 'm a big fan of the concrete block .
The first concrete blocks of concrete was built on posing a very simple idea : cement modules of a fixed measure that fit into each other .
Very quickly , these became the most used building unit in the world .
They have allowed us to build bigger things than us , like buildings or bridges , a brick at time .
Essentially , these blocks have become the pillars of our time .
Almost a hundred years later , in 1947 , he came up with this .
He was called the brick of assembly .
And in a few years , the bricks of prostate came to all the homes .
It 's estimated that over 400 billion or 75 million bricks per person on the planet .
You do n't have to be an engineer to build beautiful bridges , buildings or houses .
LEGO made it accessible .
LEGO simply adopted the block of concrete , the favorite in the world , and turned it into a fundamental piece of our imagination .
Meanwhile , exactly that same year , in Bell Labs , the next revolution was about to <unk> : the new building block .
The transistor was a small unit of plastic that would take us from a world of aesthetic bricks and piled on each other to a world where everything was interactive .
Like the concrete block , the transistor allows you to create much bigger and more complex circuits , a brick at a time .
But there 's a major difference : the transistor was just for experts .
I personally do n't accept that , the building blocks of our time are reserved for experts , so I decided to change it .
Eight years ago , when I was at the Media Lab , I started to explore the idea of bringing the power of engineers to the hands of artists and designers .
A few years ago , I started developing <unk> .
I 'm going to show you how they work .
<unk> are electronics each with a specific function .
They 're <unk> to be light , sound , motors and sensors .
And the best of all is that they link together through magnets .
So you ca n't put them wrong .
<unk> have a color code .
The green is the output , the blue is the <unk> , the pink is the input , and the orange of the orange is the brain .
So you only have to assemble a blue with a green one , and very quickly , you can start to make older circuits .
One blue with a green man produce light .
We can put a button in the middle , and so we have an regulator .
If we change the button by a pulse module , which is here , and now we have a light module .
<unk> this timbre for creating more impact , and we have a noise machine .
I 'm going to stop this .
So beyond the simple game , <unk> are actually very powerful .
Instead of having to program and connect and weld , <unk> allows us to program using very simple intuitive gestures .
To make blink faster or slower , just turn this button that makes the pulse faster or slower .
The idea behind <unk> is that it 's a growing collection .
We want all of the interactions in the world , <unk> into bricks , ready to use .
<unk> , sound , solar panels , engines ; everything has to be accessible .
We 've given kids to see them playing with them .
And it 's been an amazing experience .
The best is how they start to understand the electronics of every day you do n't learn in schools .
For example , how a light works at night , or why the elevator door is kept open , or how an iPod responds .
We 've also led to design schools .
So , for example , designers without expertise in electronics start to play with <unk> as a material .
Here you can see , with paper bottles , and felt , we have a <unk> , creating ...
( metallic noise ) So a few weeks ago , we had <unk> the designers of Rhode Island School designers , who do n't have any experience in engineering , just in cardboard and paper and said , do something .
Here 's an example of a project that you 've done , a <unk> canyon in motion .
But wait , here 's my favorite project .
It 's a <unk> lobster , which is afraid of darkness .
For these engineers , <unk> became another material , electronics became another material .
And we want this material to be within reach of everyone .
So , <unk> has open source .
You can visit the website , download all of the design files and scratch them .
We want to encourage a world of creators , inventors and collaborators , because this world we live in , this interactive world , is ours .
So go ahead and invent .
Thank you .
I 'm going to talk to you today about the unexpected discoveries .
I work in the solar technology industry .
And my little company is looking to get involved with the inner environment .
It 's distributed collaboration .
This is a little video of what we do .
Uh . Wait a moment .
You can take a little bit to charge .
We can -- we can still get the best of the video to one side .
No .
This is not ...
All right .
The solar technology is ...
Oh , do I have a term for time ?
All right . Thank you very much .
A couple years ago , I launched an initiative to recruit the best designers and technicians to take a year and work in an environment that represents almost everything you 're supposed to hate ; we asked them to work in government .
The initiative was called <unk> for America and would be like about <unk> Peace for geeks .
We 've got some members every year , and we put them working with the municipalities .
Instead of sending you to the Third World we send them to the wild world .
They made big applications ; they worked with the municipal employees .
Your job is to show the possibilities of today 's technology .
So to meet Al .
This is a fire hydrant in Boston .
Here 's as if I would find a quote , but what you 're really looking for is that someone 's clean up in the snow , because he knows that it 's not very well by turning out fire when it 's covered by a meter in snow .
How did it get to ask for help in this particular way ?
Last year in Boston , we had a team of <unk> for America .
They were there in February and at that moment in a long time last year .
They realized that the city never wiped these fire hydrants .
But one of the members called Erik <unk> noticed something else : that citizens <unk> with shovels all sidewalks in front of them .
So it did like any good programmer , I developed an app .
It 's a nice application where you can take a fire hydrant .
You keep getting clean up when you 're going .
When you do that , you put a name on this case , in this case he put him on .
If you do n't do it , somebody can do it .
So it has a playful component .
It 's a modest app .
It 's probably the smallest of the 21 applications that happened last year .
But it does something that no other technology of the government can do .
And it goes online .
A responsible for the city of Honolulu City to see this realized that he could use it , not for snow , but for the citizens to have <unk> of the tsunami .
It 's very important that they work these <unk> in the tsunami , but people are stolen the batteries .
That 's why the citizens control them .
And then Seattle decided , he decided to make it in order to make citizens accelerated storm drains .
And Chicago just kept throwing it out to make people stay in to clean up sidewalks .
So we now know about nine cities that plan to use it .
And this has been spreading without friction , and so naturally .
If you know a little bit of government technology , you know this does n't normally happen .
The acquisition of software usually takes a couple of years .
Last year in Boston , we had a team working on a project that took three people for two and a half months .
It was a tool for parents to be able to choose the best public school for their children .
Then we were told to have done by the regular channels that would have led to the least two years and two million dollars .
And that 's nothing .
Now there 's a project in the power of California that the moment has two billion dollars and it does n't work .
And there are projects like this in every level of government .
So an app that 's program in a couple of days , and it spreads online , it 's a kind of warning of warning to the institution of government .
It suggests the government 's best ways of working , not like private companies , as many people think it should be .
Not as a technological company , but rather like the Internet itself .
I mean , without restrictions , it 's open and generative .
And that 's important .
But the most important thing about this app is that it represents the way we tackle the question of the government that has the new generation , not as a problem of an institution that 's a <unk> institution , but as a problem of collective action .
And that 's very good because it turns out we 're very good at the collective action with digital technology .
And there 's a very large community of people who are building the tools to work together with efficacy .
And it 's not just for America , but there are hundreds of people around the country that contribute to civic applications every day in their own communities .
They have n't given up with the government .
They feel a great frustration to that but they wo n't complain , they fix it .
And these people know something we 've lost from sight .
And that if we left side to the feelings of politics , row in the <unk> -- and all those other things that we 're going crazy , the government is , in essence , in the words of Tim <unk> , `` What we do together because we ca n't . ''
Now , many people have abandoned the government .
If you are one of those people , you would ask you to get it , because things are changing .
Politics does n't change ; the government does .
And because the government is ultimately made out of us -- remember that from `` We , the people , '' how to think about how to produce change .
I did n't know a lot of government when I started this .
And as a lot of people thought that the government was to choose people to take the charges .
Well , after two years , I 've come to the conclusion that the government is , especially , about <unk> .
This is the center of mobile phone care facility .
It 's the place that you pay calls if you get about 311 in America .
Scott <unk> this call .
He entered `` <unk> '' at the official knowledge base .
I found nothing . He started with animal control .
And finally he said , `` Hey , can you open your house doors , make it strong music and see if it goes ? ''
And it worked . So by Scott .
But that was n't the end of the <unk> .
Boston does n't have a call center .
It has an app , web and mobile , called <unk> <unk> .
They did n't make that app .
It was the <unk> of very smart people from the Office of New York Urbana .
One day , this really happened , there 's this order to go , `` Let me take it into my bucket of garbage . I do n't know if it 's dead .
How do I do that ? ''
The dynamics of <unk> <unk> is different .
Scott was talking to you .
In <unk> <unk> , it 's all public , so you can all see this .
In this case , he saw a neighbor .
The next report said , `` I went to the place , found the garbage behind the house .
<unk> ? Yes . I lived ? Yes .
I turned the cube . I went home .
Good evening , sweet <unk> .
Quite simple .
This is great . It 's the confluence of the digital and the physical .
And it 's also a great example of the government 's income to distributed volunteer collaboration .
But it 's also a great example of government as a platform .
And here I do n't necessarily mean the definition of the platform .
I 'm talking about a platform for people to settle and help others .
So , one citizen helped another , but here the government had a key role .
connected two people .
And it could have connected to the government services of being necessary , but the neighbor is a better alternative and cheaper than government services .
When a neighbor helps each other , we would bring up the communities .
If we call animals , that costs a lot of money .
One important thing that we have to think about the government is that it 's not the same as politics .
A lot of people understand it , but they think one is the input of the other .
That our entry into the government system is the vote .
How many times have you chosen to a political leader ? We sometimes spend a lot of energy to choose a new political leader , and then we hope that government reflects our values and it would satisfy our needs , but we do n't see changes .
That 's because the government is like a huge ocean and the politics is the <unk> surface layer .
It 's below what we call bureaucracy .
And we say that word with a lot of contempt .
But it 's that contempt which keeps us that that belongs to us that we typically operate in our against , that other thing , and as a consequence we are losing power .
People believe that politics is sensual .
If we want this institution to work , we will have to make the bureaucracy sexy .
Because it 's where the true government is happening .
We have to collaborate with the machinery of government .
That makes the movement <unk> .
Did you see them ?
It 's a group of citizens worried that they 've written a very detailed report on the answer to the <unk> of the Global reform project .
That 's not political activism , it 's bureaucratic activism .
And for those of us who have been <unk> to the government , it 's time that we ask for our children to ask our children .
You have to look at huge challenges that they have to face .
Do you really believe that we get to where we have to go without solve the institution that can act on behalf of all ?
We ca n't do without government , we need it to be more effective .
The good news is that with technology , it 's possible to root governance , so that it can expand strengthening of civil society .
There 's a generation that grew up with the Internet and knows that it 's not so hard to act on , you just have to articulate the systems of the right way .
The average age of our members is 28 years old , so I , anyway , I 'm a greater generation than many of them .
This is a generation that has grown up by taking the word , and giving that almost for granted .
They 're not giving that battle that we all face about who 's going to talk about ; they 're all going to talk .
They can express your views in any channel at the same time , and they do .
So when they face the government problem , they do n't really care about making their voices .
They 're using their hands .
They put their hands to the work for programming applications that make the government work better .
And those applications allow us to use our hands to improve our communities .
It can be cleaning a fire hydrant , by taking away by taking away by taking away a bucket of garbage that has a <unk> inside .
Of course , we could always have cleaned those hydrants and a lot of people doing it .
But these applications are as a digital reminder that we are not only consumers , we are not only consumers of government we pay taxes and get services .
We are more than that : we are citizens .
And we 're not going to fix the government until they do n't reinvent citizen .
So I want to ask everybody here , when it comes to the important things that we need to do together , all together , will be a crowd of voices , or also we will be a crowd of hands ?
Thank you .
This is for me a real honor .
I 've spent most of the time in jails and prisons and death row .
I 've spent most of my life in <unk> communities , in projects and places where there 's a lot of despair .
And I 'll be here at TED watching and hearing these stimulation has given a lot of energy .
One of the things I 've noticed in this short time is that TED has identity .
And the things that they tell you here have impact around the world .
Sometimes if something comes from TED , it makes a sense and a force that would n't have otherwise .
I mean this because I think identity is important to be important .
So here we 've seen fantastic presentations .
And I think we 've learned that the words of a teacher can make a lot of sense , but if you teach with feeling , you can have a special meaning .
A doctor can do good things , <unk> if it 's <unk> , can achieve a lot more .
So I want to talk about the power of identity .
I did n't really learn this in the practice of the right , my job .
I learned it from my grandmother .
I grew up in a traditional house of an African-American family , dominated by a matriarch , which was my grandmother .
It was hard , it was strong , I had power .
It was the last word in every discussion in the family .
She initiated many of the <unk> in our home .
It was a daughter of people who had been slaves .
Her parents were born in slavery in Virginia .
She was born in the 1880s , his experience with slavery figured out how to see the world .
She was hard , but she was also loving .
When I was small , and I looked at it , she was approaching me , and I was a good hug .
I was so strong he could barely breathe , and then I 'd shut down .
One or two hours later , I would come back to look at her , and I was approaching , and I was like , `` Would you still feel my hug ? ''
And if I said no , I 'm grabs again , and if I said it was , I was left in peace .
I had this human quality that made you always want to be close to it .
The only problem is I had 10 children .
My mother was the youngest of 10 .
Sometimes when I was going to spend a while with her , it was n't easy to pick up your time and your attention .
My cousins were running everywhere .
I remember when I was eight , nine years old , I woke up one morning , and I went to the room , and they were running all my cousins .
My grandmother was on the other side of the room and looked at me .
At the beginning , I thought it was a game .
So he looked at it and he smiles , but she was very serious .
After 15 to 20 minutes , she stood up , went through the room , he grabbed my hand , and he said , `` You see <unk> . We two are going to talk . ''
I remember this as if it was yesterday .
I will never forget it .
He took me out and said , `` You know , I 'll tell you something , but you ca n't tell anybody . ''
I said , `` Okay , Mama . ''
She said , `` Now you 're not going to do it . '' I said , `` Sure . ''
And then I sat down , and he looked at me and said , `` I want you to know that I 've been watching . ''
He said , `` I think you 're special . ''
He said , `` I think you can do anything . ''
I will never forget it .
Then he said to me , `` I just want you to get three things to me , <unk> . ''
I said , `` Sure , Mama . ''
And he said , `` The first thing I want you to do is you always want your mother . ''
<unk> : `` She 's my <unk> , '' and you 've got to <unk> it that always <unk> . ''
As I loved my mom , I said , `` Yes , Mama , I 'll do it . ''
Then he said to me , `` The second thing I want you to do is you 're always going to do the right thing even though the right thing . ''
I thought , and I said , `` Yes , Mama . I 'll do it . ''
Then , finally he said , `` The third thing I want you to do is you never <unk> alcohol . ''
I was nine years old , and I said , `` Yes , Mama , I 'll do it . ''
I grew up in the field , in rural South , . I 've got a brother older and a sister a year younger .
When I was 14 15 , my brother came home with a <unk> package , I do n't know where he pulled it , grabbed my sister and I went to the forest .
We just got to do the crazy things .
He took a sip of beer , offered my sister , she took a little bit and offered me .
I said , `` No , no , no . All right . You go , but I 'm not going to take beer . ''
My brother said , `` Come on . Today , you 're doing it today . And you always do the same thing as we .
I took something , your sister too . Take a beer . ''
I said , `` No . I would n't feel good . You can go . ''
Then my brother looked at me himself .
And he said , `` What 's going on ? Take a beer . ''
And I went and he went on , and he went on , `` Oh , you 're still thinking about the conversation with Mama . ''
I said , `` But what are you talking about ? ''
He said , `` Mama tell all the grandchildren that are special . ''
I was broken .
I have to admit to you .
I 'll tell you something that I probably should n't say .
I know this will spread widely .
But I 'm 52 years old , and I can admit I 've never taken a drop of alcohol .
I 'm not saying this to be an virtue ; I say it for the power of identity .
When we create the right kind of identity , we say things to others that do n't really make sense of .
We ca n't get them to do things that you ca n't do .
I think my grandmother naturally believed that all their grandchildren were special .
My grandfather had been in prison during the ban .
My uncles died of age-related diseases .
And these were the things that , according to it , we had to engage it .
Now , I 'll try to talk about our criminal justice system .
This country is today very different than it was 40 years ago .
In 1972 , there were 300,000 prisoners .
There are 2.3 million .
In America , we have the largest incarceration rate in the world .
We have seven million people in probation .
And this mass incarceration , in my view , has fundamentally changed our world .
In poor communities , or poor , it 's so much <unk> , so much despair , determined by these facts .
One in three black men between 18 and 30 years is in prison or probation .
In urban <unk> across the country , Los Angeles , Philadelphia , Baltimore , Washington , in 50 to 60 percent of all young people are in prison or probation .
Our system is n't just distorted in front of race , it 's also about poverty .
In this country , we have a judicial system that 's much better about if you 're rich and guilty , if you 're poor and innocent .
It 's not guilt , but wealth that hits the results .
And it seems that we feel very quiet .
The fear of fear and anger make us believe that these are not problems .
We 're disconnected .
I think it 's interesting .
We 're looking at our work , some pretty curious developments .
In my state , in Alabama , as well as in other states , you 're going to tell you about rights forever if you have a criminal sentence .
Right now in Alabama , 34 percent of the black male population has definitely lost the right to vote .
And if we put it back to the next 10 years , the level of loss of entitlement will be as high as it was before the law of the right to vote .
We have this amazing silence .
I represent kids .
Many of my clients are very young .
America is the only country in the world where they were sentencing to 13 years to die in prison .
We have this country in this country for children , without chance to get out .
Right now , we 're in a process of some <unk> .
The only country in the world .
I play people in death row .
This death penalty issue is interesting .
In a sense of sense , have you been able to think that the final question is , people deserve to die for <unk> ?
A very sensitive question .
But you can think of another way about how we 're in our identity .
There 's another way to look at it : it 's not about deciding whether people deserve to die for <unk> crimes , but if we deserve to kill .
This is interesting .
The death penalty in America is defined by error .
Out of every nine executed people , he has identified one that 's innocent , he 's released from the death row .
A mistake rate , amazing , an innocent in every nine .
This is interesting .
So aviation would never be allowed to fly airplanes from each nine to take away , you would have from crashing .
But somehow we cut out of the problem .
It 's not our problem .
It 's not our burden .
It 's not our struggle .
I talk a lot about these things .
I 'm talking about race and this issue of whether we deserve to kill .
It 's interesting that in my classes with students about African-American history , I 'm talking about slavery .
I 'm talking to you about terrorism , the time that started at the end of the reconstruction and that lasted until World War II .
We really do n't know a lot about this .
But for American Americans in this country , it was a very defined time by terror .
In many communities , people were afraid to be <unk> .
They were worried about becoming bombarded .
The terror threat was what their lives defined .
Now there are older people who are coming to me and they say , `` Mr. Stevenson , you teach talks , we 're acting , we 're going to talk about people who stop saying that in our history we deal with terrorism , after the <unk> . ''
They ask me to say , `` No . Say that we grew up with that . ''
The age of terrorism went on , obviously , with segregation and decades of racial function and of separation .
In this country , we have a dynamic that we do n't like to talk about our problems .
We do n't like to talk about our history .
And this is why we have n't understood the meaning of what we 've historically done .
All the time we collide with each other .
We constantly create tensions and conflict .
It costs us work to talk about races , and I think it 's because we 're not willing to engage with a process of truth and reconciliation .
In South Africa , people understood that you could n't overcome race segregated without a commitment to truth and reconciliation .
In Rwanda , even before the genocide had this commitment , but in this country we have n't done it .
I was in Germany giving talks about death penalty .
It was fascinating , because one of the teachers stood after my presentation and said , `` You know it 's good disturbing to hear what you say . ''
<unk> : `` We do n't have death row in Germany .
You can never have it here . ''
The room was silent , and a lady said , `` There is no way that with our history , we could never get into the systematic death of human beings .
It would be irrational that we , intentional and deliberately , we started to run people . ''
It 's going to be <unk> about this .
How would we feel in a world where a nation like Germany , would do people , especially if they were in their most Jews ?
We could n't tolerate it .
It would be irrational .
And yet , there 's this disconnect .
I think our identity is in danger .
If you do n't really care about these hard issues , positive things and wonderful things are , however , involved .
We love innovation .
We 're fascinated by technology . We gave creativity .
We love entertainment .
But lately , those realities are <unk> by suffering , abuse , degradation , <unk> .
In my view , we need to integrate both of these things .
We talk lately about the need to have more hope , more engagement , more dedication with the basic challenges of life in this complex world .
I think that means spending more time thinking about the poor , the <unk> , the ones that never come to TED .
And if you think about them , it 's sort of something that 's inside us .
It 's true that we have to believe in issues we have n't seen .
So we are . In spite of being so rational , so committed to the intellectual .
With innovation , with creativity , development comes not just from brain ideas .
These things come from biometric ideas , also by the heart of the heart .
This connection of the mind with the heart is what drives us to look at not only in the brilliant and dazzling , but in the dark and the hard thing .
Too <unk> , the great Czech leader , talked about this .
He said , `` When we were in Eastern Europe suffering from oppression , we wanted all kinds of things , but mainly what we needed was hope , to the spirit of the spirit , a will to be in places of despair and witness . ''
Well , that orientation for the spirit is pretty much in the heart of what I believe , that even in communities as TED , it has to be involved .
There 's no disconnect related to technology and design , which allows us to be truly human if we did n't care about poverty , to exclusion , to inequality , to injustice .
Now , I want to warn you that these thoughts make a much more challenging identity than if we are aware of these things .
We go back to them .
I had the great privilege , being a very young lawyer , to meet Rosa Parks .
These women were together just to talk .
Occasionally , the <unk> lady was called me , and he said , `` Oh , wow , ma'am , lady . We 're going to get together to speak .
Do you want to come and listen ? ''
I said , `` Yes ma'am . I want . ''
So she said , `` Well , what are you going to do when you come ? ''
I 'll answer : `` <unk> . ''
So I was going , and I would listen to them .
It was very <unk> , very <unk> .
And on one occasion , I was there , listening to these ladies , and after a couple of hours , Ms. Parks went to me and said , `` Now , let me tell me that this is that idea of equal justice .
Tell me what you 're trying to do . ''
And I started giving my speech .
I said , `` Well , we 're trying to question injustice .
We try to help those who have been convicted wrongfully .
We tried to confront prejudice and discrimination in the administration of criminal justice .
We try to end up with the lifespan of life , no probation for children .
We try to do something about death penalty .
We try to reduce the population in jails .
We 're trying to end up with massive <unk> . ''
I gave it all the best speech , and then he looked at me and said , `` Hmm . ''
And he said , `` <unk> exhausted , very exhausted . ''
At that moment , Mrs. <unk> , he put me my finger on the face and said , `` That 's why you have to be very , very brave . ''
I think actually , the TED community has to be much more <unk> .
We need to find ways to address those challenges , those problems , that suffering .
Because finally humanity depends on compassion for others .
I 've learned some very simple things in my work .
I 've been educated in simple things .
I 've come to understand and to believe that each of us is higher to the worst we 've ever made .
I think that 's true for everybody on the planet .
I 'm convinced that if someone says a lie , it 's not because it 's a deceptive person .
I 'm sure if someone takes something you do n't belong , it 's not that a thief .
Even if someone kills another , it 's not that a murderer .
So I think there 's a basic dignity in people who have to be respected by law .
I also think that in many parts of this country , and indeed , in many parts of the world , the opposite of poverty is not wealth .
That 's not .
I really think that in many parts the opposite of poverty is justice .
And finally , I think that even though it 's very dramatic , very beautiful , very <unk> , we do n't judge us for our technology , by our designs , not for our intellectual or rational capacity .
At the end of the end , you judge the character of a society , not the way they treat rich and powerful and privileged , but the way to treat poor people , doomed them , prisoners .
Because it 's in this context as we started to understand truly profound issues about what we are .
Sometimes I feel <unk> . I 'm going to finish with a story .
Sometimes I do too much force .
You get tired , like everyone .
Sometimes those ideas go beyond my stories in a way .
I 've been representing these kids who have been convicted of a lot of severity .
I 'm going to prison , and I see my clients 13 and 14 years old , that they 've been <unk> to be told as adults as adults .
And I start thinking , how can it be ?
How can a judge make someone in what it is n't ?
And the judge 's <unk> as an adult , but I see a child .
One night too evening , I was awake thinking -- God , if the judge can become something you 're not , must have magical powers .
Yes , <unk> , the judge has magical powers .
You want to ask for some of that .
As I was too late , I could n't think correctly , but I started working on a <unk> .
I had a 14 year-old client , a little poor , black .
I started working on the <unk> , with a <unk> , who said , `` <unk> for my <unk> black customer to be treated as a white privilege for 75 years , executive of a corporation . ''
In the <unk> , I made there had been conduct machines in the accusation , in the behavior of the police and in the process .
There was a bold line on how in this country there is no ethics , but a lack of ethics .
The next morning I woke up in thinking that <unk> <unk> would be a dream , or actually I wrote it ?
For my horror , not only did I get it , but he had been sent to court .
It took about two months , I had forgotten it .
And I finally decided -- God , I have to go to court for this stupid case .
I got into the car , and I was truly overwhelmed , overwhelmed .
I went on the car to court .
I thought this would be very difficult and pitiful .
I finally got out of the car . I walked on court .
I was going up the stairs when I found myself with an older black man ; it was a courthouse .
When he saw me , he came up to me and said , `` Who is you ? ''
I said , `` I 'm a lawyer . '' He replied , `` Is you a lawyer ? '' I said yes .
So I approached it and hugged me .
And I whispered myself into the ear .
He said , `` I 'm proud of you . ''
I have to tell you now that that was <unk> .
That was deeply connected with me , with my identity with the ability we all have to contribute to the community with a vision of hope .
Well , I went into the room room .
When I get into the judge , the judge saw me .
and he said , `` Mr. Stevenson , you wrote this bold <unk> ? ''
I said , `` I know Mr. was me . '' And we started to discuss .
People started coming . They were all mad .
I was the one that had written those crazy things .
They get the cops ' fiscal prosecutors , auxiliary .
Suddenly , without knowing how , the room was full of people . They 're all mad because we talk about races , because we 're talking about poverty , because we 're talking about inequality .
With the <unk> of the eye , I went to see the concierge that went and came .
I would look out the window and try to hear everything that <unk> .
I went on to walk over here and there .
Finally , this old black man , with a face of concern , went into the room and sat behind me , almost on the lawyers table .
About 10 minutes later , the judge decreed a break .
During the break of a <unk> assistant was upset because the fence had entered the room .
The assistant <unk> on the old black black .
And he said , `` Jimmy , what do you do in the room of audiences ? ''
And the old black man stood up , looked at the assistant , looked at me and said , `` I went into this room of audiences to tell her to this young man who would maintain his sight on the goal with a writer . ''
I 've come to TED today because I think a lot of you understand that the moral arc of the universe is very large , but it folds into justice .
That we can not be truly human beings if we do n't care about human rights and dignity .
That our survival is linked to each other .
That our visions of technology , design , entertainment and creativity should bind the brotherhood and compassion and justice .
And above all , to those of you here who share this , I just want to tell you that keep your view on a <unk> target .
Thank you very much .
Chris Anderson : You just heard and see an obvious desire for the audience , from this community , to help in your purposes , to do something .
Something that 's not a check . What can we do ?
<unk> : There are several opportunities nearby .
If you live in the state of California , for example , there will be a <unk> this spring in which you 're going to make an effort to improve the funds that are spent on punishment policy .
For example , here in California , you 're going to spend a billion dollars on death row in the next five years , a billion dollars .
And despite this , 46 percent of the cases in homicide did not stop in arrests .
56 percent of rapes do n't go to anything .
Here 's a chance of change .
This <unk> is going to come up with these funds to make the law turn , to the security .
I think there 's a very close opportunity .
CA : There 's been a huge decline in crime in the United States , in the last three decades .
Part of the explanation is that it has to do with the largest incarceration rate .
What would you say to whom you think it 's like this ?
<unk> : Actually , the crime rate with violence has remained relatively stable .
The great growth in mass mass mass in this country is not by crime with violence .
It 's because of the wrong war war .
That 's why this dramatic increase in the population of prison .
And we 've left to convince the rhetoric of punishment .
We have three legal causes to bring people to lifespan -- for stealing a bicycle , for small crimes against property , instead of making those resources to their victims .
I think we have to do more to help the victims of <unk> and not less .
It seems to me that our current philosophy of punishment does nothing for anyone .
I think that 's the orientation that has to change .
CA : <unk> , you 've really excited about this here .
You 're very inspiring .
Thank you very much for having come to TED . Thank you .
<unk> : They grow the threats by Bin Laden 's death .
<unk> <unk> : <unk> in Somalia . <unk> 3 : The police toss .
<unk> 4 : <unk> <unk> . <unk> <unk> : <unk> <unk> .
<unk> <unk> : <unk> . <unk> <unk> : 65 dead .
<unk> 8 : <unk> the tsunami . <unk> <unk> : <unk> .
Several <unk> : War <unk> . mutually massive .
Recession . <unk> . <unk> . Egypt .
Crisis . Death .
Oh , my God !
Peter Diamandis : These are just some of the clips I got in the last six months -- <unk> could be the last six days or the last six years .
The idea is that the press media would prefer to write negative news , because our minds pay attention .
And that responds to a very good reason .
In every single day , our senses have a lot more data than probably the brain can process .
And as nothing we care about , the first stop of all of that data is an old piece of the temporal lobe called the amygdala .
The amygdala is our early warning detector , the danger of danger .
<unk> and records all the information searching for something in the environment that could hurt us .
So that 's why a <unk> of stories would look at the negative .
That old saying of the press , `` If you have blood , sells , '' is very true .
And because all of the digital devices give us negative news , seven days of a week , 24 hours a day , no wonder we 're pessimistic .
It 's not surprising that people think the world is going to go wrong .
But maybe not .
Perhaps , instead , what really happens is we got <unk> .
Perhaps the enormous progress done in the last century by a series of forces is accelerating such a way that we have the potential to create an abundance world in the next three decades .
I 'm not saying we do n't have our good problems : climate change , extinction of species , water scarcity and energy ; we have no question .
As human beings , we 're very good at taking care of the problems , and the long one , we just had them .
Let 's take the last century to see where we go .
In the last hundred years , the average life is more than doubled , the average per capita income for inflation has tripled all over the world .
Child mortality has shrunk 10 times .
Also , the cost of food , of electricity , transportation and communications , has fallen from 10 to 1,000 times .
Steve Pinker showed us that we are living the most peaceful time in human history .
And Charles Kenny that the world literacy has been 25 to more than 80 percent in the last 130 years .
We 're really living in an extraordinary time .
A lot of people forget that .
And we continue to give ourselves more high expectations .
In fact , we redefined the significance of poverty .
Think about it , today in America , much of the people who live under the poverty line have electricity , water , toilets , refrigerators , television , mobile , air conditioning and cars .
<unk> <unk> <unk> rubber , the <unk> of the planet , would never have dreamed of it .
So let 's make a lot of this technology , and lately , its exponential growth .
My good friend Ray showed that any tool that <unk> in technology technology jumps into this curve , Moore 's Law , and doubling the price of the price in about 12 to 24 months .
That 's why the mobile phone is a million times cheaper and a thousand times faster than a supercomputer of the 1970s .
Now look at this curve .
It 's Moore 's Law for the last hundred years .
I want you to look at two things on this curve .
First , the soft thing that is -- in good and bad times , in the war and in peace , in recession , in depression and booming .
It 's the resulting computers used to make speed computers used to build faster computers .
It stops before none of the big challenges .
And although it 's <unk> in one law on the left , it goes up .
The growth rate of technology is in itself faster and faster .
And in this curve , <unk> Moore 's Law , there 's a series of extraordinarily powerful technologies that we have today .
<unk> in the cloud , that my friends from Autodesk call infinite computation , sensors and networks , robotics , 3D printing and their ability to democratize personalized production around the planet , synthetic biology , fuels , vaccines and food , digital medicine , digital medicine , and the A.I . .
I mean , how many of you saw victory on `` Watson '' from Watson , IBM ?
It was epic .
I went searching for the newspapers the best headline there .
And I loved this : `` Watson <unk> <unk> . ''
`` Jeopardy '' is not an easy game .
It plays with the nuances of human language .
Imagine this artificial intelligence in the cloud , available for everyone on the cell phone .
Four years ago , here at TED , Ray Kurzweil and I , we launched a new college called University University .
We teach these these technologies to our students , and in particular , how can you be used to solve the great challenges of humanity .
And each year , we asked them to release a company , or a product or service , which can affect the lives of a billion people in a decade .
Think about that , the fact that a group of students today can impact the lives of a billion people .
Thirty years ago that would have <unk> .
Today we can point out a <unk> of companies that have already done .
When I think about creating abundance , it does n't mean to create fancy life for every single planet on the planet ; it 's about creating a life of possible .
It 's about taking that , which is scarce and <unk> .
You see , scarcity is contextual , and technology is a force that releases resources .
I 'll give you an example .
This is a story of Napoleon III in the <unk> .
He 's the guy on the left .
He invited for dinner the king of <unk> .
Napoleon 's troops ate with covered in silver , and the same Napoleon , with covered in gold .
But the king of <unk> , she ate with aluminum covered .
You see , aluminum was the most valuable metal on the planet -- it was worth more than gold and platinum .
That 's why the tip of the Monument is aluminum .
You see , although aluminum is 93 percent of the mass of the Earth , it does n't come like pure metal .
It 's tied up with oxygen and <unk> .
But then he got the <unk> and made from aluminum something so cheap that we use it as if it was <unk> .
Let 's turn this analogy towards the future .
Let 's think about the scarcity of energy .
Ladies and gentlemen , we are on a planet bathed for 5,000 times more energy than we use in a year .
They come to the Earth 16 <unk> of energy every 88 minutes .
It 's not about scarcity , it 's about affordability .
And there 's good news .
This year , for the first time , the cost of solar energy in India is 50 percent less than the generated of diesel : <unk> rupees versus 17 rupees .
The cost of solar energy was 50 percent last year .
Last month , MIT published a study that shows that at the end of the decade , in the U.S. American parts of the United States , solar will cost six cents the hour , compared to the 15 cents a national average .
And if we have plenty of energy , we have plenty of water .
Let 's talk now about water wars .
You remember when Carl Sagan has pointed the Voyager spacecraft to the Earth , 1990 , then that happened Saturn ?
You 've got a famous picture . How was it called ?
`` A pale blue dot . ''
Because we live on a water planet .
We live on a planet covered in 70 percent water .
Yes , <unk> percent is saltwater , two percent of the ice , and we fight for half percent of the water on the planet , but also here is a hope .
It 's an available technology , not in 10 years , but right now .
nanotechnology comes , nanomaterials .
In a conversation with Dean Kamen this morning , one of the innovators in the <unk> -- I 'd like to share with you , this gave me permission to do this -- his technology called <unk> <unk> , already the size of a refrigerator .
It 's able to generate a thousand liters of drinking water per day , saltwater , <unk> water , a <unk> for less than two cents the liter .
The <unk> of Coca-Cola has just thought that I 'm going to do a major test for hundreds of these units in the developing world .
If that goes well , and I have full confidence that that 's like that , Coca-Cola will implement it in <unk> countries on the planet .
This is an ongoing innovation by this technology that exists today .
And we 've seen it on mobile phones .
My God , we 're going to get to 70 percent penetration in the developing world for the end of 2013 .
Think about it , that <unk> warrior has better mobile communications in the middle of Kenya that the Reagan Reagan is 25 years ago .
And to tell you with a smart phone with Google , you have access to more knowledge and information that President Clinton 15 years ago .
He lives in a world of information and communications abundance that no one could have predicted that .
Better than that , the things that you and I have paid dozens and hundreds of thousands of dollars <unk> , video HD , images , libraries of books and music , diagnostic technology , <unk> now , and they lose market value with mobile phones .
Maybe you get it to reach the health care applications .
Last month , I had the pleasure to announce the <unk> Foundation -- something called the X Prize <unk> <unk> , 10 million dollars .
We 're challenging the equipment in the world to combine these technologies into a mobile device with which they talk , and because it has the AI , you can be coughing , you can extract blood from your finger .
To win has to make better diagnostics than a certified medical team .
Imagine this device in the middle of the developing world where there are no doctors , where the burden of morbidity is 25 percent and there are 1.3 percent of health workers .
Now , when this device will prescribe an RNA virus or DNA that does n't recognition , I 'll call the health of the health and , first of all , prevent the pandemic happening .
But this is the biggest force to produce a world of abundance .
I call it the billion rise .
The white lines here are the population .
We just got the brand of the seven billion .
By the way , the best protection against population explosion is to bring the world of education and health .
In 2010 , we had less than two billion people online , connected .
By 2020 , it will happen from two billion to five billion Internet users .
Three billion minds have never heard that you add to the global conversation .
What will these people want to do ?
What is going to be ? What 's a wishes ?
And instead of economic collapse , we will have the greatest economic injection of history .
These people represent tens of billions of dollars <unk> in the global economy .
And more health , thanks to the <unk> , from a better education with the Khan Academy , because of the use of impressions in 3D and computing in the cloud will be more productive than ever before .
What can you provide for three billion more of humanity 's members , healthy educated and productive ?
What about a voices never heard ?
How about if we give the oppressed , wherever they are , a voice to be a voice and power will act for the first time ?
What are these three billion ?
And if they 're contributions that we ca n't predict ?
Something that I learned with the X Prize is that small equipment , guided by their passion with a clear target , can do extraordinary things -- things that previously could do the big corporations and the governments .
I 'm going to conclude by sharing a story that really got me excited .
There 's a program that you might have heard of .
It 's called <unk> .
<unk> at the University of Washington , in Seattle .
It 's a game where people can take a sequence of amino acids and figure out the way that protein is folding .
The folds determine the structure and the functionality .
It 's a very important thing in medical research .
And so far , it was a supercomputers problem .
They 've played with these college professors , among others .
Then hundreds of thousands of people joined in and started to play it .
And it 's been shown that today of human patterns today is more folding proteins than best computers .
Ladies and gentlemen , what gives me a huge confidence in the future is that we have more power as people to take the big challenges of the planet .
We have the tools with this exponential technology .
We have the passion of the innovator .
We have the capital of the <unk> .
And we 've got three billion new minds that are being used to work on the solution of big challenges and do what we should do .
We have in front of some extraordinary decades .
Thank you .
I 'm going to talk about a very small idea .
The <unk> of the point of departure .
And as the idea can be explained in a minute , I 'm going to give you three examples to do time .
The first story is about Charles Darwin , one of my heroes .
He was here , as you know , in 1835 .
You probably believed that he puzzled , but he did n't .
They actually pick fish .
And I described one of them as very well .
It was grouper .
It got it very much to the 1880s .
Now the fish is on the Red List .
But we 've heard this story many times , about Galapagos and other places , so that does n't have anything special .
But the case is we still come to the Galapagos .
We still think they 're <unk> .
<unk> still say they are still intact .
So what 's going on here ?
The second story , also illustrates another concept : the shift from the waist .
Because I was there in 1971 studying a lagoon in West Africa .
I was there because I grew up in Europe , and then I wanted to work in Africa .
I thought it could be <unk> .
It burned very much with the sun , and I was convinced that I was n't out there .
This is my first exhibition in the sun .
The lagoon was surrounded by palms , and , as you can see , some mangroves .
There was about 20 inches , the <unk> of black beard .
And the fishery 's fishery was very abundant and it was happening for a good moment , so he was earning the average of Ghana in Ghana .
When I was there 27 years later , the amount of fish had dropped to half .
<unk> at five inches .
We would have a genetic pressure .
There were still fish .
In a way , they were still happy .
And the fish were still happy to be there .
I mean , nothing to changed , but everything has changed .
My third story is that I was complicit in the introduction of fishing fishing in Southeast Asia .
In the 1970s , I actually started in the <unk> Europe made a lot of development projects .
The fishing development was to impose the countries that had 100,000 fishermen , <unk> industrial fisheries .
And this boat , pretty ugly , was called <unk> 4 .
I went out to fish in it , and we did studies in southern China Sea China and , especially in the Java of Java .
What we captured there was something <unk> .
<unk> , now , the bottom of the sea .
Ninety percent of what we captured were sponges , other animals that are in the background .
And most of the fish are tiny blobs on some remains , the remains that are fish of coral reefs .
In short , the sea bottom came on the deck , and then it was cast .
These images are extraordinary , because the transition is very fast .
In one year , you do a study , and then you start commercial fishing .
The background goes from being a solid , solid coral background in this case , to be a <unk> .
This is a dead turtle .
They did n't eat them . I wrote them because they were dead .
We once captured a living .
It was n't yet anymore .
So they wanted to kill her because it was a good food .
This mountain of debris is what the fishermen will every time they go to an area that they have never fish .
But it has n't documented .
We turn the world , but we do n't remember it .
We 've got the starting point , to the new level , without remembering what was there .
If you 're going to make this happen , something like this .
On the Y-axis , we have good things : biodiversity , number of killer whales , the <unk> of the country , the water supply .
And that changes over time . It changes because people do things with <unk> .
Every generation will use the images , received the beginning of their conscious life as normal , and extrapolate to him .
The difference is that they perceive the loss of loss .
But you do n't perceive the loss that happened before .
You can analyze the string of changes .
And in the end to keep a miserable remains .
And that , largely , is we want to do it right now .
We want to keep things that are no longer , or they 're not what they were .
But you should think that this problem is affecting people when societies are killing animals without knowing what they 've done to a few generations later .
Because , obviously , an animal that 's very abundant , before you go extinct , is rare .
You do n't lose animals .
You lose little animals .
Even if this is not perceived as a huge loss .
Over time , we focus on large animals , and in a sea synonymous with big fish .
They become a little bit frequently because we fished .
Over time , we have a few fish , but we think that 's the starting point .
And the question is , why do we accept this ?
Well , because we do n't know it was different .
In fact , many people , scientists , <unk> that was very different .
And they will because the evidence presented in a previous way is not the way they would expect it to have the evidence .
For example , the anecdote that some of them are presented with , like Captain such and such a lot of fish in this area ca n't be used or , generally they do n't use scientists in fishing , because it 's not `` scientific . ''
So we have a situation where people do n't know the past , although we lived in <unk> societies , because they do n't trust the sources of the past .
Out of the enormous role that you can run a protected protected area .
Because with marine marine zones , we really recreated the past .
<unk> the past that people ca n't conceive , because the starting point has been run and it 's extremely low .
That 's for people who can see a protected marine zone , and can benefit from the vision that gives them to erase their starting point .
And what about people who ca n't do it because they do n't have access , like people in the Midwest , for example ?
I think there 's the arts and cinema maybe you can fill the gap . The simulation .
This is a simulation of Chesapeake Bay .
A long time ago there were gray whales in Chesapeake Bay ; 500 years ago .
And you may have noticed that the nuances and <unk> are like `` Avatar . ''
And if you think about `` Avatar , '' if you think about why people were moved with the film -- I 'm going to tell you about the history of <unk> , why do we deal with the images ?
Because it raises something that , in a sense , has been lost .
So my recommendation , the only one I 'll give , is Cameron II .
Thank you very much .
Hi . I 'm Kevin <unk> , the YouTube manager of YouTube , and I look at YouTube videos in a professional way .
It 's true .
So today , we 'll see why videos make viral viral and how important it is .
We all want to be stars -- celebrities , singers , comedians -- when I was younger , that seemed very , very difficult .
But today , the web video makes any of us , or our actions , copper in a part of our global culture .
Anybody can do a famous thing on the Internet in a <unk> .
You go over 48 hours of video to YouTube a minute .
And , of those , only a small percentage of you gets viral , gets lots of views and wins cultural infections .
How does that happen ?
Three things : <unk> , communities of participation and surprise .
Well , let 's start .
<unk> <unk> : Oh my God , my God .
Oh , my God !
Wow .
<unk> , <unk> !
KA : Last year , <unk> <unk> published this film outside of their house in the National Park in Yosemite National Park .
In 2010 , it was seen 23 million times .
This graph shows the views in the popular summer of last summer .
You did n't try to make a viral video .
I just wanted to share a double rainbow .
That 's what you do if it 's called Yosemite Mountain <unk> .
I had already published a lot of videos of nature .
This video was published in January .
So what happened here ?
It was Jimmy <unk> .
Jimmy <unk> published this tweet that <unk> the video to popularity .
<unk> of trends like Jimmy <unk> are presented with new and interesting things and <unk> them to a wider audience .
RS : It 's Friday , on Friday . You 've got to start on Friday . You all want a weekend . You all want a weekend .
`` <unk> '' of Rebecca Black is one of the most popular videos of the year .
You saw it almost 200 million times this year .
This graph shows the frequency of the use .
Just like `` rainbow rainbow , '' this video seemed to have come out of nowhere .
So what happened this day ?
Well , it was Friday , it 's true .
And if you ask those other peaks , they 're also Friday .
But what happened this day , this particular Friday ?
Well , I took it up and many blogs started to write about it .
Michael J. Nelson , from <unk> Science , was one of the first people to make a joke on Twitter on Twitter .
But the important thing is that a person or a group of makers embrace a point of view and share it with a wider public , accelerating the process .
So , this community of people who share this big internal joke then starts talking about that and doing things .
And now there are 10,000 <unk> <unk> on YouTube .
Just in the first seven days , there was a parody for each of the other days .
Unlike the one-way perspective of the 20th century , this community engagement is our way to be part of the <unk> phenomenon or doing something new with that .
`` <unk> Cat '' is a repetitive animation with a <unk> music .
That 's what it is .
This year , you saw it about 50 million times .
And if you think that 's weird , let 's know that there 's a three hours version that 's seen four million times .
Until the cats saw this video .
And there are cats who saw other cats see the video .
But the important thing here is creativity that woke up between the Internet community .
There was <unk> .
Somebody made a version of the old .
And then it was international .
Suddenly , a whole community of remix that made this happen to happen to be a joke dumb to something that we can all form .
Because we do n't just enjoy , we get involved .
Who could have predicted something like this ?
Who could have predicted `` rainbow rainbow '' or Rebecca Black or `` <unk> Cat '' ?
What could you have been written by this situation ?
In a world where two days of video come up two days in a minute , just that really unique and unexpected can be made by the way these things have done it .
When a friend told me that I had to see this great video of a kind that was <unk> against riders in New York City , I 'll admit I did n't get interested in it .
Casey <unk> : I got a parking ticket , but there are often obstacles that prevent you from circular at <unk> .
KA : Thank you to the surprise of surprise and their humor , Casey <unk> managed to get five million and understand their idea .
So this approach is worth how new we do differently .
And all this leads to a big question ...
<unk> <unk> : What does this mean ?
<unk> .
KA : What does this mean ?
<unk> , creative communities of participation , the totally unexpected people , are characteristics of a new kind of media , a new culture , which we all have access to , and is the audience that defines popularity .
As I said earlier , one of the world 's celebrity , Justin Bieber , started on YouTube .
Do n't ask permission to express your ideas .
Now we 're all a little ownership of our pop culture .
These are not the characteristics of the old media , and it 's barely the current media , but we 've got the entertainment of the future .
Thank you .
This is not a finished history .
It 's a puzzle that 's still getting together .
Let me tell you about some of the pieces .
Imagine the first piece : a man burning the work of a whole life .
It 's a poet , a playwright , a man whose entire life had had had been supported in the unique hope of unity and freedom of his country .
Think of the communists in <unk> , facing the fact that their life had been totally in vain .
The words , for so long women friends , now they were making fun .
It 's <unk> in the silence .
He died broken by history .
He 's my grandfather .
I never met him .
But our lives are much more than our memories .
My grandmother never allowed me to forget his story .
My task was not to let that have been in vain , and my lesson was to learn that the story tried to <unk> , but it was <unk> .
The next part of the puzzle is about a boat at dawn <unk> quietly in the sea .
My mother , <unk> , was only 18 years old when her father died , and he got a little bit like two little girls .
For her , life had meant to a task alone : the escape from his family and a new life in Australia .
It was inconceivable for her that I could n't do it .
And after a four-year-old <unk> that challenges the fiction , a boat slid into the sea dressed in fishing vessel .
Every adults knew the risks .
The greatest fear was hackers , rape and death .
As most adults , my mother was wearing a poison with poison .
If you catch up , we took my sister and I was , and then she and my grandmother .
My first memories are from that boat , the constant pace of the engine , the bow diving into every wave , and the vast horizon and empty horizon .
I do n't remember hackers who came several times , but they were fooled by the courage of men in our boat , or the engine dying and not being able to break out for six hours .
But I do remember the lights of the oil platform in front of the coast of Malaysia , and the young man who collapsed and died , to end the journey was too much for him , and the first apple I made , given by the men on the platform .
None of no apple had the same taste .
After three months in a refugee camp , <unk> in Melbourne .
And the next piece of the puzzle is about four women across three generations giving a new life together .
We set up in <unk> , a working suburb whose population is composed of immigrants .
Unlike the middle-class suburbs , whose existence I did n't know , in <unk> , there was no sense of the right .
The smells that came from the shops were the rest of the world .
And the English fragments were traded to the people who had one thing in common : they were starting again .
My mother worked on farms , then on a car assembly line , working on six days , double turn .
Yet , I found time to study English and get a degree in IT technology .
We were poor .
All the dollars were mapped , and that was an extra mentoring in English and mathematics , would n't matter what you should take away , which is usually new clothes ; it was always a second hand .
Two <unk> pairs for school , one to hide the holes from the other .
A school uniform until the ankles , because I had to last six years .
And there was <unk> and <unk> about the <unk> eyes and some graffiti : `` Asian , go home . ''
At home , where ?
One of the things in me would be <unk> .
I was accumulating determination and a voice that said , `` I 'm going to <unk> . ''
My mother , my sister and I went into the same bed .
My mother was exhausted every night , but we told us about our day and we were hearing the movements of our grandmother at home .
My mother suffered nightmares , all of the boat .
And my job was to be awake until his nightmares started in order to be able to get it out .
She opened a computer store , and then studied to be <unk> and opened another business .
And women would come with their stories about men who could n't make the transition , angry and <unk> , and kids were trapped in between two worlds .
They looked for subsidies and sponsors .
And they created centers .
I lived in parallel worlds .
In one , it was the classical Asian student , relentless with what I think of myself .
On the other , it was very talented in poor lives , tragically <unk> by violence , drug abuse and isolation .
But many of them got help by the years .
And for that work , when I was studying my last year of lawyer , I was elected the young Australian year of the year .
And I was <unk> from a piece of the puzzle to the other , but its edges did n't fit .
So , he was so late , he was now so far , refugee and social activist , invited talking about sites that I had never heard of , and in houses whose existence she would never have imagined .
I did n't know the protocols .
I did n't know how to use the covered .
I did n't know how to talk about wine .
I did n't know how to talk about anything .
I wanted to retreat into the routines and to the comfort of life in a <unk> suburb -- a grandmother , a mother and two daughters end the day as they did for almost 20 years , <unk> on the day of each one and running out , three still in the same bed .
And I told my mom that I could n't do that .
It reminded me that I was at the same age that she had when she got up the boat .
It had never been an option .
`` Do it , '' he said , `` You 're not going to be what these are not . ''
So I talked about <unk> juvenile and education and <unk> the marginalized .
And the more frankly , I was talking more frankly to talk about .
I met people from all the roads in life , a lot of them doing what they loved , living on the border of possible .
And although I ended up my bachelor 's degree , I realized I could n't stay in a career .
There had to be another piece of the puzzle .
And I realized at the same time that it 's okay to be a stranger , a single arrived , new in the scene -- and not just that it 's okay , but it 's something that you 're being grateful for , maybe a gift of the boat .
Because being in it can easily mean <unk> the horizons , it can easily mean accepting your province .
I gave enough steps out of my happy place to know that , yes , the world breaks down , but not the way we fear .
<unk> that would n't have been <unk> , they were tremendously <unk> .
There was an energy there , a relentless optimism , a rare mix of humility and courage .
So I kept my intuition .
And we would go into a small group of people who are called `` ca n't be done '' was a compelling challenge .
For a year , we did n't have a dime .
At the end of every day , I was doing a giant soup pot that we all shared .
It 's going to be <unk> at night .
Most of our ideas were crazy , but some brilliant , and we opened up .
I took the decision to move to the U.S .
And after a single trip .
My hunches again .
Three months later , I had moved , and the adventure continued .
Before I finished , let me tell you about my grandmother .
She grew up in a time where the <unk> was the social norm and the local <unk> was the person who mattered .
Life had n't changed for centuries .
His father died shortly after she was born .
The mother raised it .
At 17 became a <unk> whose mother beat her .
No support of his husband , he caused an uproar to <unk> and taking the cause , and much more <unk> caused when she won .
He ca n't have proven to be wrong .
I was in the shower in a hotel room in Sydney when she died , <unk> miles , in Melbourne .
I looked across the <unk> of the shower and I saw her standing on the other side .
I knew I had come to say goodbye .
My mother called a minutes later .
Days later , we went to a Buddhist temple in <unk> and sat around with his casket .
We tell stories , and we made sure that we were still with it .
At night a monk came and told us he had to close the coffin .
My mother asked us to raise his hand .
And he asked the monk , `` Why is his hand hot , and the rest of the body so cold ? ''
Because you 've taken your hand since the morning , '' he said .
He said , `` You have n't <unk> it . ''
If there is a nerve in our family , that runs through women .
Since we were and how life formed us , we can now see that the men who had come to our lives would have frustrated us .
The defeat would be easily distracted .
Now I want to have my own kids , and I 'm wondering about the boat .
Who could want that to do that ?
However , I 'm afraid the privilege of easy , the right .
Can I give you a bow in your lives , a brave thing in every wave , the constant pace of the engine , the vast horizon that does n't guarantee anything ?
I do n't know .
But if I could give it to it and see them safe , I would do it .
<unk> <unk> and also the mother 's mother is here today , at the fourth or fifth .
My story starts in <unk> about two years ago .
I was in the desert , under the starry sky , with the Sufi singer <unk> Ali .
We were having a conversation about how nothing has changed since the old Indian epic `` The Mahabharata '' epic .
In those days when Indians we wanted to travel to a car and <unk> the sky .
Now we do it with airplanes .
At that time , when he <unk> , the great prince of Indian warrior , he was thirst , and he took a bow , and with a <unk> on the floor , he got water .
Now we do the same with <unk> and machines .
The conclusion that we took was the machinery had replaced the magic .
And that was a lot of a lot .
And every time I felt a little bit more about <unk> .
I was fascinated by this idea of losing the ability to enjoy and appreciate a sunset if I did n't have the camera , if I could n't afford my friends .
It seemed to me that the technology had to allow the magic , not kill her .
As a child , my grandfather gave me his <unk> <unk> <unk> .
And this piece of a 50 year-old technology was to my <unk> thing .
It became a golden door to a world full of images , from pirate and <unk> in my imagination .
I had the feeling that mobile phones , luxury clocks and cameras are <unk> that we <unk> .
We were inspired by our inspiration .
And so I launched , I came up with this technological world to see how to use it to create magic , instead of her .
<unk> books since the 16 years .
So when I saw the iPad , I saw a storytelling device capable of connecting the readers of the entire world .
You can know how we take the book .
Where are we .
<unk> the text with the image , animation , sound and touch .
The narrative becomes increasingly <unk> .
But what is that for us ?
I 'm about to launch <unk> , an interactive application for iPad .
It says , `` It puts your fingers on every light . ''
And so , he says , `` This box belongs to ... `` I write my name . ''
And so I get a character from the book .
At a number of moments I get a <unk> -- the iPad knows where I live through the GPS -- that comes to me .
My inner girl gets excited about all these possibilities .
I 've talked a lot about magic .
And I do n't mean magicians and dragons , but the magic of childhood , those ideas that are children .
For some reason , fireflies in a jar were always turned to me .
So , over here , we have to tilt the iPad to get fireflies .
And really , they light up your way in which subtraction of the book .
Another idea that I was fascinated with as a child was that a whole galaxy in a <unk> .
So here , every book and every world turns into a <unk> that I move towards this magical device , within the device .
And this opens up a map .
In all fantasy book , there have always been maps but have been static maps .
This is a map that grows , <unk> and guide you through the rest of the book .
In certain points of the book , it also reveals it .
Now I 'm going to go in .
Another important aspect to me is to create Indian content and contemporary content .
These are the <unk> .
We 've all heard of the fairies and <unk> , but how many people outside of India know their Indian counterparts , <unk> ?
These poor <unk> have been trapped on the Indra , for millennia , in an old <unk> .
So we 're bringing them back into a contemporary child .
In a story that deals with today 's issues as the environmental crisis .
And , talking about the environmental crisis , one of the problems of the last 10 years has been locked up , glued to their PCs , have n't come out to the outside world .
But now with mobile technology , we can bring our kids to the natural world with their technology .
One of the interactions of the book is this adventure where you have to go outside , take the camera or the iPad , and collect images of different natural objects .
As a kid I had a lot of collections : sticks , stones , pebbles and shells .
For some reason , kids do n't .
So to reclaim this childhood ritual , you have to go out and , in a chapter , a picture of a flower and then <unk> it .
On the other chapter , you have to take a picture of a piece of crust , and then tagging .
So you create a digital collection of photos that then you can put on the Web .
A kid in London puts a picture of a fox , and he says , `` Oh , I saw a fox . ''
A kid in India says , `` Today I saw a monkey . ''
And you create this kind of social network around a collection of digital photos that have been taken .
Within the variants of connection between magic , Earth and technology is a lot of possibilities .
In the next book , we had an interaction where you go out with the iPad and the video on and through augmented reality , you see a group of them that appear on the inner plants .
At a moment the screen is full of leaves .
And you have to make the sound of the wind and try and read the rest of the book .
Let 's go to a world where the forces of nature thread up with technology and magic and technology come to each other .
We <unk> the power of the sun .
We 're approaching our kids and to ourselves to the natural world and that magic , joy and child love that we sat down by a simple story .
Thank you .
I 'd like to talk to you about why a lot of projects failed .
And I think , really , that the most important thing about that is we stop listening to patients .
And one of the things we did at the University of <unk> was <unk> to a listening director .
And not in a very scientific way , she raised a little cup of coffee or tea , and I asked patients , family and acquaintances , and what happens ?
`` How can we help ?
And we tend to think , that this is one of the biggest problems that we all , or maybe not everyone , but most of the projects that are failed , we stop listening .
This is my Wi-Fi scale . It 's a very simple thing .
It 's got a doorknob and off .
Every morning I get up .
And yes , I have a challenge as you can see .
I got the challenge to get to 95 kilograms .
But it 's so simple , that every time I hook up , send my information to Google Health .
And my doctor 's doctor has access to him as well . So he can see what my weight problem is , not at the same time that you need to support it or any urgency of that style , but to see it backwards .
But there 's another thing .
Like some of you know , I have over 4,000 followers on Twitter .
So every morning I connect to my <unk> scale and before you go up to my car , people start to talk to me : <unk> , today I think you need a light lunch .
That 's the best thing that can happen , because it 's pressure of the peers that are used to help patients , because it could be used for obesity , and so that the patients stop smoking .
On the other hand , it can be able to move people from their chairs and together to develop some recreational activity to have more control of their health .
From the next week , it will be available .
This little <unk> connected to an iPhone or another device .
And people can be able to , from their homes , to take their blood pressure , send their doctor , and share it with others , for example , for 100 dollars .
This is the point where patients assume a position , they 're going to recover control and be captains of their own boat , but it can also help us health care because of the challenges that we face , like the firing of <unk> costs , the doubling of demand and other issues .
And we 've got techniques that are simple to use and start with this to engage patients in the team .
And they can do it with techniques like this , but also using crowdsourcing .
And one of the things we did like to share with you with a video .
We all have controls navigation .
Maybe we even have them in our phones .
We know perfectly where ATMs are in <unk> .
And also where they 're all <unk> .
And of course , we can find fast food chains .
But where is the closest <unk> to help this patient ?
We asked , but nobody knew it .
Nobody knew where to get the <unk> saves lives at this time .
What we did was crowdsourcing the Netherlands .
We created a website , and we asked the public that , you know , if you look at a <unk> , please say , you know where , and when it 's open , you sometimes open up into cellular schedules and others are closed .
And over 10,000 <unk> were already presented in the Netherlands .
The next step was to look for the application for that .
And we made an app for the iPad .
We created an application for <unk> , augmented reality , to find these <unk> .
And every time you 're in the city of <unk> and someone collapses , you can use their iPhone , and the next weeks using their cell phone from Microsoft to find the nearest <unk> , which can save lives .
And from today , I 'd like to introduce this one , not just like <unk> <unk> , which is the name of the product , but as well as <unk> .
And we want to <unk> ourselves globally .
We 're <unk> all of the colleagues in the world , in other universities , to help us find , work and act as a center for the language of <unk> around the world .
Every time you 're on holiday and somebody collapses , it can be a relative or somebody in front of you , you can find it .
I also wanted to invite companies around the world that could help us validate these things .
You could be <unk> services , or you could be <unk> , for example , to see if the <unk> that 's shown is still in place .
Please help us in this and not just improve health , but to take control of it .
Thank you very much .
I 'm here to share 'my ' photograph .
Or is it a picture ?
Because , of course , they 're photographs that ca n't take with their cameras .
My interest in photography became my first digital camera at 15 years .
I got mixed with my previous passion for the drawing , but it was a little different , because when I used the camera , the process was in planning .
And when you take a picture of a camera , the process ends when the trigger is pushed .
For me , photography had more to do with being in the right place , at the right time .
It seemed like anybody could do it .
So I wanted to create something different , a process that would start by pressing the trigger .
Just like this : a construction on a very <unk> road .
But it has an unexpected twist .
And despite that , it keeps a level of realism .
Or photos like this -- dark and colorful , but with the common goal of keeping the realism of realism .
And when I say realism realism <unk> .
Because , of course , it 's not something that can be <unk> , but I always want it to seem to be captured in some way as a photograph .
Now we 've got to think about a moment to discover the trick .
It has more to do with capturing an idea that I have to capture a moment .
But what 's the trick that makes them seem real ?
Is it the details or the colors ?
Did you make the light ?
What does the illusion create ?
Sometimes the illusion is a perspective .
But in the end , it 's about our way to interpret the world and how you can perceive on a two-dimensional surface .
It 's not really about whether it 's realistic , but what we think is realistic .
So I think the foundations are very simple .
I see it as a puzzle of the reality that we took different pieces of reality and put them together to create an alternative reality .
Let me show you a simple example .
Here 's three objects perfectly imaginable , something that we can all relate to the three-dimensional world .
But combined , they can create something that still seems three-dimensional , as if it existed .
But at the same time , we know it does n't exist .
So we deceive the brain because the brain does n't accept the fact that that does n't really make sense .
And I see the same process by combining the photographs .
It 's really to combine different realities .
And the things that make a picture look realistic , I think are those in which we do n't even think , the things that surround us in our daily lives .
But by combining photographs is very important to consider that , because otherwise something will look wrong .
So I 'd like to say there are three simple rules that will continue to achieve realistic results .
As you can see , these images are not very special .
But combined , they can create something like this .
So the first rule is that the combination of photos should have the same perspective .
Second , pictures combine must have the same kind of light .
And these two images with these requirements , they were taken at the same height and with the same kind of light .
The third point is to do impossible to distinguish the beginning and the end of different images with a perfect approach .
It has to be impossible to see where the image is made .
This is another example .
Now , you might think that this is the image of a landscape and the bottom is manipulated .
But this image is totally composed by photographs of different places .
I think it 's more easy to create a place to find a place to find it , because you do n't need to put your ideas on your head .
But it requires a lot of planning .
And as I thought about this idea in winter I knew I had several months to <unk> , to find the different locations for the puzzle pieces .
For example , the fish was captured on a fishing journey .
The shores are from a different location .
The <unk> part was captured in a manhole well .
And yes , I even did red the house at the top of the island , so that it seems more slums .
So to achieve a realistic outcome , I think we need planning .
It always starts with a sketch , an idea .
Then you have to combine the different photographs .
And here every piece is very well meant to do it .
If you do a good job when you take the photos , you can be very beautiful and at a very realistic time .
All the tools are there and the only limit is our imagination .
Thank you .
I 'm going to start showing you a slide about technology , very boring .
Please , if you can put it into ...
It 's a diagram that I took from a folder .
I 'm not interested in showing you the details , but the general thing .
This is an analysis that we were doing about the power of <unk> microprocessors and the power of local area .
What 's interesting about this is that this , like many other things that we usually see , is a kind of straight line on a logarithmic scale .
In other words , every step here represents an order of magnitude on the performance scale .
I 'm going to talk about technology with <unk> curves .
Here 's something weird happens .
And that 's what I 'm going to talk about .
Please turn on the lights .
<unk> more intensity because writing about paper .
Why are we plot technological curves on <unk> scales ?
The answer is , if you draw them into a normal curve where , say , these are the years , or some unit of time , and this would be any measure of the technology that I 'd like to chart , the diagram would look something ridiculous .
It would be something like this .
It does n't say a lot .
But if we plot , for example , some other technology , like transportation , on a <unk> curve would be very dumb , we would see a straight line .
But if something like this happens , quantum change happens .
If the transportation technology technology as fast as microprocessors , past tomorrow we could take a cab and be in Tokyo in 30 seconds .
But it does n't go down at that rate .
There 's no precedent in the history of the technological development of a growth that every few years will advance orders of magnitude .
The question I want to make is -- looking at these exponential curves , we see that they do n't follow forever .
It 's not possible to sustain this change as fast as it goes .
I 'll give you one of two things .
Or it 's okay to turn into a typical curve , like this until something entirely different , or maybe I 'll do something like this .
That 's all that can happen .
I 'm optimistic , so I think maybe something like that .
So , we would be in the middle of a transition .
In this line , we are in a transition from what used to be the world , in a new way .
So what I 'm trying to ask , and ask , is , what is that new way of building the world ?
So , what new state is the world going ?
The transition seems very , very confused if we 're engaged in it .
I remember as a child in the future 2000 , and people used to talk about what would happen in the year 2000 .
This is a conference where people talk about the future and we see that the future is still the year 2000 .
That 's all we see .
In other words , the future has shrunk , year after year , over my life .
But I think it 's because we think something is happening .
And a transformation is happening . We can feel it .
And we know that it does n't make a lot of sense to think about 30 or 50 years because everything will be so different to extrapolate what we 're doing today does n't make any sense .
So I want to talk to you about how it might be , how it might be that transition that we experience .
But to do that , I 'll have to talk a little bit about things that do n't have much to do with technology and computer .
Because I think the only way to understand this is taking distance and look at the long-term things .
The time scale I 'd like to do is the time of life on Earth .
I think this image makes sense if we look at it every billion years .
So , we go back about a couple of a half billion years when the Earth was a <unk> rock with a lot of chemicals that <unk> around them .
If we look at the way these chemicals were organized , we give us a sense of how things happened .
And I think there are theories to start understanding the origin of RNA , and I 'm going to tell you a simple version of this , and that 's that , at that moment , there was some wall of oil with all kinds of chemical recipes inside it .
Some of those blobs of oil had a particular combination of chemicals that made them bring materials from the outside of the outside , and so the drops grew .
And they started to split .
In a sense , those were the most primitive cell forms , these oil caps .
But those blobs were n't alive , in the current sense , because each of them contained a random recipe of chemicals .
And every time they have been divided by the unequal distribution of the chemicals that had .
So every drop was a little different .
In fact , the blobs that somehow became better at being better at the time to incorporate the chemicals around -- they were growing more , <unk> more chemicals and split more .
They usually lived longer , they were more represented .
It was a form of life , it was chemical life , very simple , but things are interesting to be interesting when these blobs learned the trick of abstraction .
So in some ways that we do n't understand these guys learned to store information .
They learned to keep information , which was the recipe for the cell , in a special chemist called DNA .
In other words , we 'll go through this sort of meaningless evolution , a writing system that allowed them to record what they were so able to replicate .
The amazing thing is that that writing system seems to have remained stable since it evolved and there 's a half billion years ago .
Our recipe , our genes , have exactly the same code , that same code system .
In fact , every living being is expressed exactly the same set of letters and the same code .
And one of the things I did just for fun -- now we can write things with this code .
Here I have 100 <unk> of white dust that try to hide the airport people .
But it contains -- I took this code -- the code has the common letters that we used to use on this -- and I wrote my personal data on this piece of DNA , and it 's 10 to 22 times .
So if anyone wants 100 million copies of my personal card , I have a lot of for everyone here ; in fact , for every person in the world , and it 's here .
If it was a <unk> , he would have put it in a virus , and would have spread it out in the room .
What was the next step ?
Writing DNA was an interesting step .
This made these cells be happy about another billion years .
But then another big step happened in which things became very different , and it was that these cells started to exchange and communicate information into the cell community .
I do n't know if you know it , but bacteria can swap DNA .
So , for example , it evolved antibiotic resistance .
Some bacteria found the way to avoid penicillin and <unk> them to create their little DNA with other bacteria , and now there are many resistant to penicillin , because bacteria communicate .
This communication gave rise to the communities that , in a way , they were together on that ; a synergy came in .
So they survived or failed together , whatever if a community was very successful , all the individuals in that community would be killed , and they were killed by evolution .
And the turning point happened when these communities came over so much that they actually came together and decided to write the whole recipe in the community together in a chain of DNA .
The next stage interesting to life took another billion years .
And at that stage , we have multicellular communities , the communities of many different cells working together as one organism .
In fact , we are a multi-cellular community .
We have a lot of cells that do n't act alone .
The skin cell does not serve the heart of the heart , or the muscles , or the brain , and so on .
So these communities evolved and produced more interesting levels than the cell phone , something we call an organism .
The next level happened within these communities .
And these started <unk> information .
And to build very special structures that did n't do more than process information in community .
These are neural structures .
neurons are the appliances that process the information that those cell communities built .
In fact , they started to specialize within the community being the <unk> structures to record , understand and convey information .
Those were the brains and the nervous system of those communities .
And that gave them an evolutionary advantage .
Because at that time as individuals -- learning was confined to the duration of an organism , and not the period of evolutionary time .
So an organism could , for example , learn not to eat some fruit because I knew it was sick and got sick the last time she ate it .
That could happen during the life of an organism , because they 've built these information processing structures that have learned for hundreds of thousands of years by the death of the individuals who ate that fruit .
So the fact that the nervous system built those information structures that are hugely accelerated by the evolutionary process .
Because evolution could now occur to an individual .
It could happen in the time we need to learn .
But then , of course , individuals figured out the communication trick .
So , for example , the more refined version we know is human language .
If we think about it , it 's an incredible invention .
I have a very complicated idea , a vague idea , in your head .
I 'm sitting here sitting casting <unk> , and hopefully building a similar , vague idea , building a very , vague and fuzzy idea in your heads that holds some analogy to me .
But we took something very complicated , we turn it into sound , in sound sequences , and we produce something very complicated in another brain .
That 's now allowing us to start working as an organism .
In fact , like humanity , we 've started to perform abstractions .
Now we spend over periods of similar periods of the multicellular organisms , and we 'll make our methods of record methods , presentation and information processing .
For example , the invention of language was a little step in that direction .
Now , telephony , computer , the videotape , the CD-ROM and so on , are the specialized mechanisms that we now build to handle that information .
And that brings us into something much bigger , faster and able to evolve more than we did before .
Now evolution can happen at microseconds .
You saw the evolutionary <unk> of <unk> where it produced some evolution with the <unk> program , in our eyes .
And now we 've accelerated time scales again .
The first stages of the story that told them led to a billion years each .
The next stages , the nervous system and the brain , took about hundreds of millions of years .
The next thing , the language so on , took less than a million years .
And the next thing , like electronics , seems to take just a few decades .
The process is fed into it ; I guess <unk> is the right word to name something that accelerates its own pace of change .
The more it changes , the faster it does .
And I think that 's what we 're looking at in this explosion of the curve .
You see the process it feeds together .
But I make my life designing computers , and I know that the <unk> mechanisms would n't be possible without the computer advances .
But now design objects in such complexity that would be impossible for me in conventional design .
I do n't know that every transistor in that machine is .
There are billions .
Instead , with <unk> designers , we think about a level of abstraction , we put it in the machine , and the machine with that does something that you could n't , much further and faster than ever before .
In fact , sometimes it uses methods that we do n't even understand right .
A particularly interesting approach , which I 've been using lately is evolution itself .
So we put into the machine an evolutionary process that operates on the scale of microseconds .
And for example , in the most extreme cases , we can evolve a program from a random sequence of instructions .
We say , `` Please computer , can you run a hundred million instruction sequences ?
Could you run these random instructions sequences , to run all these programs , and take the ones that we want to do with what we want to do ? ''
In other words , I define what I want .
Let 's say I want to order a few numbers , to put a simple example .
So , we found the programs that are closer to setting up numbers .
Of course , it 's unlikely that some kind of random sequences of instructions , <unk> numbers , so none of them did .
But one , luckily , could find two numbers in the right order .
And I said , `` computer , could you take 10 percent of those random sequences that they 'd better do the task ? ''
And we 'll get those and go to the rest .
And now I 'm going to get the ones who best ordered the numbers .
And let 's go back to <unk> through a process of analog corruption . ''
Let 's take two programs , which will provide children , who are <unk> <unk> , and that the children will prescribe the properties of both programs .
So we got a new generation of programs that had a little bit more successful .
And we say , `` Please do the process repeat . ''
Let 's get it back again .
He <unk> some mutations .
He tries again and tries to get it with another generation .
Well , each generation takes a few milliseconds .
So , I can make the equivalent of millions of years of evolution in a few minutes or in complicated cases , in a few hours .
In the end , we ended up with programs that were telling numbers such absolutely perfect .
In fact , they 're much more efficient than the ones I could have written by hand .
If I look at those programs I ca n't tell you how they work .
I 've tried to analyze them to see how they work .
These are dark , strangers .
But they have the task .
In fact , I know , I have the safety of getting the goal , because they come from a lineage of hundreds of thousands of programs that did it .
In fact , their lives depended on that .
Once I was on a 747 with Marvin asks , and he pulls up one card and says , `` Look at this .
It says , `` This plane has hundreds of thousands of <unk> who work together to offer a safe flight . Does n't make you feel quiet ? ''
We know that engineering processes do n't work very well when they get complicated .
That 's why we started to depend on computers to make different design processes .
And that allows us to produce much more complex things than the normal engineering .
However , we do n't understand the whole options that there are .
In that sense , it goes ahead of us .
Now we use those programs to make computers much faster and so able to run these programs much faster .
I mean , it feeds .
The thing goes faster and so I think it seems so confused .
Because all these technologies are fed up .
We 're taking off .
And we are at the analog moment of the single-celled organisms when they became multicellular .
We are the amoebas and we ca n't understand what the hell we 're creating .
We 're at the turning point .
But I think something comes behind us .
I think it would be very arrogant from our part to think that we are the final product of evolution .
And I think all of us are part of the creation of whatever it is to come .
But now it 's lunch now , and I think we 'll stop here before I get bored .
I think we have to do something with a part of the medical culture that has to change .
And I think this starts with a doctor , and that 's me .
And I 've spent enough time for letting me give up a bit of my fake prestige .
Before I treat my talk , let 's talk a little bit about baseball .
Why not ?
We 're close to the end , the World Series is coming up .
We love baseball , right ?
baseball is full of amazing statistics .
There are hundreds of statistics .
It 's because of `` <unk> the rules '' -- you talk about the statistics , and we 're talking about them to form a great baseball team .
I 'm going to focus on one of them , and I hope many of you know that .
It 's called average <unk> .
And we talked about 300 , from a <unk> that <unk> 300 .
That means the bat <unk> effectively , three of 10 times .
That means throwing the ball on the field of play without being caught , and that anyone who tried to throw it out to the first base , not get to time , and the second base will be saved .
three attempts at 10 attempts .
You know what they call a <unk> <unk> in the Great Plains ?
Well , really good , maybe the team of stars .
You know what they call a <unk> baseball ?
By the way , that 's someone that 10 hits , they hit four .
<unk> -- like the legendary Ted Williams player , the last <unk> of the Major League of <unk> to run more 400 hits on a regular season .
Now let me take this to my world of medicine where I feel much more comfortable , or maybe less uncomfortable , after what I 'm going to tell you today .
Suppose you have appendicitis , and they are derivatives to a surgeon who has a <unk> record .
That does n't work , right ?
Now suppose that they live in a remote place , and a loved one has two clogged coronary arteries , and his family physician is derived by a cardiologist whose record is 200 .
But you know something ?
She 's improving this year .
And the hits have been <unk> .
This is n't working .
But I 'll ask you .
What do you think you should be the average of a heart of heart , heart surgeon , from a nurse or a <unk> <unk> ?
1,000 , very well .
And the truth of the matter is that no one in all of medicine knows the hits of a good surgeon , a doctor or a medical provider .
What we do , though , is send to the world , and I included , with the mandate of being perfect .
They never , never make a mistake and try to figure out how to do it well .
That was the message that I was talking about when I was in medical school .
I was a obsessional obsessional student .
Once , a partner in high school said that Brian Goldman studied a bit of a blood test .
Such .
<unk> in my little <unk> , in the nurses at the General Hospital of Toronto , not far from here .
And I learned all of memory .
From my kind of anatomy , I memorized the origin and muscle work , <unk> out of every artery coming out of your aorta , the frequent <unk> and the usual .
And I even knew the differential diagnosis about how to classify the kidney <unk> .
And as much more and more knowledge and more knowledge .
And I was very good at that , I graduated with my <unk> .
And it 's <unk> from medical school with the impression that if you had everything , then I would know everything , or the most possible , close to everything , because I 'm going to get rid of the mistakes .
And it worked for a while , until I met the <unk> lady .
I was a resident at a university hospital here , in Toronto , when they brought the lady to the emergency <unk> service where I was working .
At the time , I was assigned to the cardiology .
And when emergencies requested me , I had a cardiologist going on .
and to report the chief of residents .
When I saw the lady , I was very high .
I heard a <unk> sound .
And when the <unk> , I heard a sound <unk> on both sides , which was giving me a <unk> heart failure .
In these conditions , the heart stops working , and instead of pump the blood forward , the blood goes into the lungs , and that 's why there 's difficulty breathing .
And it was n't hard to diagnose .
I did it and I started working on the treatment that I would give you .
He gave aspirin and medication to alleviate the pressure on his heart .
I gave him <unk> , water pills , so I could eliminate the liquid .
And in an hour or two , she started feeling better .
And I felt very well .
And that 's when I made the first mistake ; he sent it to his house .
Actually , I made two mistakes .
He sent her home without talking to the chief of residents .
He did n't get up the phone , and I did n't have what I should have done , which I was calling my boss and she was calling it with him so that he saw it .
And if my boss would have seen it , I could have been able to give eye information .
Maybe I did it for a good reason .
Maybe I did n't want to be a resident who 's going to raise constant attention .
Maybe I wanted to be so successful and able to take responsibility , that I could take care of my patients without even contact my boss .
The second mistake I made was worse .
When I send it home , I did n't pay attention to a voice in my interior , which was like , `` Goldman , it 's not a good idea . Do n't do it . ''
In fact , I was so insecure that he was taking care of the nurse who was taking care of the <unk> , `` Do you think it 's okay if you go home ? ''
And the nurse thought , and then he said completely <unk> , `` Yes , I think it 's okay . ''
I remember that as if it was yesterday .
So he was who signed the high , and the ambulance next with the ambulance took her home .
And I went back to the hospital room .
The rest of that day , that afternoon , I had a bad feeling in the stomach .
But I went on with my job .
At the end of the day , I packed to leave the hospital and walked into the parking lot where my car was to go home , and at that moment , I did something I do n't normally do .
He went through the emergency service service .
And there 's another nurse who was taking care of the lady 's lady who was taking care of me before , but another . He told me three words , those three words that most emergency doctors fear .
Other specialists fear it as well , but there 's a <unk> in <unk> , and that is that we see the patient 's patients .
The three words are : Do you remember ?
`` Does n't you remember the patient who sent home ? ''
He asked the other <unk> nurse completely .
`` Well , she came back , '' with the same tone of voice .
She was okay .
But I went back and on the verge of death .
By the end of an hour , he came home , after I gave the high , suffered a collapse and his family called 911 ; the ambulance brought brought into the emergency room with a blood pressure of 50 million <unk> , which means a shock of severe .
I was barely breathing and blue .
The emergency personnel actually has all their resources .
They gave her medication to raise your blood pressure .
And they put a ventilator .
I was in a shock and <unk> to the spinal cord .
He had a mixture of feelings , because after the Sabbath was in intensive care and expected to all hope they would recover .
And in the two or three days later it was clearly apparent that they would never go .
It had an irreversible brain damage .
The family got together .
And in eight or nine days , it 's going to be transferred to what was happening .
And to the ninth day , he stopped going . The lady <unk> , wife , mother and grandmother .
They say they never forget the names that they die .
That was my first experience .
The next few weeks , I 'm going to get myself through that , and I experienced the shame the shame that exists in our medical culture , and I sat alone , isolated , without feeling a healthy shame because you ca n't deal with your colleagues .
You make peace and you never make that mistake .
It 's that shame that leaves teaching .
<unk> shame I 'm talking about is that makes us feel very bad inside .
It 's the one that tells us that what we did was wrong , but we 're bad .
And that felt .
And it was n't by my boss ; he was an <unk> .
I talked to the family , and I 'm sure I was going to get things out and made sure that I did n't get bored .
And I kept getting these questions .
Why did n't I ask my boss ? Why was he sent to your house ?
And in my worst times , why made a <unk> mistake ?
Why would I choose medicine ?
Little with that feeling was <unk> .
And I started feeling better .
And on a day cloudy , the sky opened up the sky , and he finally came out the sun . And I wondered if I felt better again .
And I did a deal with myself where if you were going to get the efforts to be perfect to do n't make more mistakes , I would go through those voices .
And so it was .
I went back to work .
It went back to happen .
Two years later , I was an assistant in the emergency department in a community hospital north of Toronto , and I received a man from 25 years old in the throat .
I was very busy and <unk> .
And he pointed out here .
I looked at his throat , I was kind of <unk> .
He took penicillin and sent him to his house .
But while he was headed to the door , he kept pointing at his throat .
Two days later , when I came to make my return on the guard , my boss asked to speak with me who was in his office .
And he gave the three words : Do you remember ?
Remember the patient who saw a pain in the throat ?
He came back and did n't have a <unk> <unk> .
He had a potentially lethal condition called <unk> .
You can look for Google . It 's an infection , not from the throat , but it 's from the upper air , and that can cause the close of those pathways .
He , fortunately , did n't die .
Now , antibiotics are managed to get antibiotics down and recovered .
And I went through the same period of shame and <unk> , and he was relieved , and I went back to work , until over and over again , and again .
Two times in the same shift in the ER , you do n't get harmed .
And it 's a great effort , especially working in a hospital , because they were invited to 14 patients at the same time .
But in both cases , I did n't have sent them home , and I do n't think it 's been a carelessness .
One of them thought I had a kidney calculation .
Order an X-ray of our kidneys , but it turned out normal . A colleague who was checking the patient he was checking some sensitivity in the bottom right quadrant , and he called the surgeon .
The other patient was a lot of diarrhea .
And I ordered it to <unk> , and I asked my colleague that I looked at it .
I reviewed it , and when we saw some sensitivity in the lower corner , he called the surgeon .
They were both operated on , and they recovered well .
But every single case , I devoured .
But I 'd like to tell you that I made the worst mistakes in the first five years of exercise , and like a lot of colleagues say , it 's a mess .
The most significant have been over the last five years .
Only , embarrassed and no support .
And here 's the problem : if I ca n't have a release and talk about my mistakes , if I ca n't find the <unk> that tells me what 's really going on , how can I share this with my colleagues ?
How do I show them this so that they do n't make the same mistakes ?
If I would come into a place like this , I would have no idea what you think about me .
When was the last time you heard somebody talking about failure , after failure after failure ?
Of course , at a party you 'll hear about the mistakes of other doctors , but you wo n't hear someone talking about their own mistakes .
And if I knew and my colleagues , as well as a <unk> in my hospital , the wrong leg , believe me that would have a hard time looking at the eyes .
This is the system we have .
The total denial of mistakes .
It 's the system where there are two positions : those who make mistakes and not , who ca n't sleep and the ones that do n't sleep and the ones that have great results , and they have great results .
And it 's almost like a ideological reaction , as antibodies that starts to attack that person .
We have the idea that if you stop medicine to the people who make mistakes , we will be a safe system .
But it brings two problems .
In 20 years , about diffusion and medical journalism , I 've made a personal study of malpractice litigation and medical errors to learn as possible , from the first article that I wrote for the Star Toronto to my program : `` White <unk> , Black Art . ''
And what I learned is that mistakes are ubiquitous .
We worked in a system where the mistakes are happening every day , where one of every 10 drugs in the hospital are wrong , or <unk> is n't right . In a system where the <unk> infections are increasingly , and more numerous , causing chaos and death .
In this country , 24,000 Canadian doctors die for preventable medical mistakes .
The U.S. Medical Institute set 100,000 .
In both cases , it 's about <unk> <unk> , because we 're not getting rid of the problem as we should .
And so things are .
A hospitable system where knowledge goes up every two or three years , and we do n't get bored .
So sleep deprivation is complete .
And we ca n't get rid of it .
We have cognitive biases that allow to make a perfect history of a patient with pain in the chest .
Now , let 's take the same patient with a chest pain , it 's <unk> with <unk> eyes , and with breath , and all of a sudden , my story is <unk> from contempt .
It 's not the same story .
I 'm not a robot ; I do n't do things always the same .
And my patients are not cars ; they did n't follow their symptoms always in the same way .
All of this , mistakes are inevitable .
So if we took the system as we were taught , and we eliminate all the prone professionals to error , well , I wo n't get anyone .
And about that people do n't want to talk about their most serious cases ?
In my show : `` White <unk> , '' `` `` This is my worst mistake . '' I would say to everybody from the ambulance to the head of heart surgery , `` This is my worst mistake , '' blah , blah , blah -- `` What are your mistakes ? '' And they 'll turn the microphone into them .
And their students would shut down , <unk> , go down your head and get saliva and start telling their stories .
They want to tell their stories , they want to share them .
<unk> could say , `` Look , do n't make the same mistake . ''
They need a context where we can do it .
They need a <unk> medical culture .
And it starts with a doctor every time .
The medical physician is human , you know human , accepts it , and not proud of their mistakes , but he tries to learn from what 's happened to teach others .
Share their experiences with them .
It 's support for those who talk about their mistakes .
They will tell the mistakes of other people not with the intend to get you , but in a loving way and support for everybody to benefit .
And it works in a medical culture that recognizes that human beings are running the system , and when this happens , they make mistakes occasionally .
My name is Brian Goldman .
I 'm an redefined doctor .
I 'm a human , make mistakes .
And I 'm so sorry , but I 'm going to try to learn something that I can convey to others .
I do n't know what you think about me , but I can live with that .
And let me conclude with three personal words : I remember it .
Do you know how decisions we take one day ?
Do you know how much choose in a week ?
Recently , I did a survey over 2,000 people , and the average amount of elections that says to pick a half a half a half a half a half a half a day .
Not a lot ago , in a research followed by a week to a group of companies .
The researchers signed the different tasks of these CEOs , and the time that they were going to be able to make decisions related to those tasks .
They found that , on average , <unk> <unk> jobs a week .
Now , naturally , every job included many <unk> .
Half of those decisions took nine minutes or less .
Only 12 percent required an hour or more of their time .
Now think about your choices .
Do you know how many of you belong to the <unk> category , and how many of an hour ?
How does the way the way those decisions do ?
Today I want to talk about one of the biggest problems today : choice with choices .
I want to talk about the problem and some possible solutions .
While I talk about this , I 'm going to ask you a few questions , and I need to know your answers .
When I ask a question , I 'm blind , raise your hand alone if you want to burn calories .
Otherwise , when I ask a question , if your answer is positive please give me a pat .
And now my first question of the day : Are you ready to hear about the overload of the overload .
Thank you .
Being a graduate student at Stanford University , <unk> this very , very high level at that time was very sophisticated .
His name was <unk> .
It was almost like going to an amusement park .
There were like 250 different kinds of mustard and vinegar , over 500 different types of fruits and vegetables and some 25 of bottled water , and this was when you were taking water on the faucet .
I loved going to that store , but on one occasion , I wondered , why did n't I buy anything ?
This is the shelf of the olive oil shelf .
They had more than 75 different classes , including the ones that were in sealed box that came from trees here .
I once decided to visit the manager and I asked him , `` Does this strategy work to offer all these choices ? ''
He pointed out of the buses full of tourists that came every day , usually with their cameras .
We decided to do a little experiment with <unk> .
So , hallway .
They had different kinds of classes .
We 'd put a post for <unk> , right to the store .
We put out there <unk> of six flavors , or out of 24 tastes , and we looked at two things : First , what 's the people who were willing to stop proving match ?
More people stopped when there was 24 ; 60 percent , when there were only six , 40 percent .
We also looked at what 's more likely to buy a jam jar .
Here we found the opposite effect .
Of those who stopped when there was 24 , only three percent came to buy jelly .
When there was six , we saw that 30 percent bought jelly .
If we do the calculations , people were six times more likely to buy jelly if they were six , who if they were 24 .
Well , let 's decide that we do n't buy jelly , you 're probably a good job for conserving the <unk> , but it turns out that the problem of the overload of choices is really going to affect you in momentous decisions .
We decided to do n't decide , even though this is not true .
Now the theme of the day : the financial savings .
I 'm going to describe to you a study that I did with <unk> <unk> , <unk> <unk> and Wei <unk> , where we look at the savings decisions for about a million Americans , between 650 plans of this country .
So we were interested in seeing if the number of funding offers available in retirement plans , the 401 program , we 'll save people to save for the future .
And we found that there was actually a correlation .
We had <unk> plans that were going from two to 59 options .
We found that the bigger the number of money used , there were less participation .
So if you look at the edge , we see that in the plans that offer two funds , the rate of participation was 70 percent or more , not as high as they wanted to .
And in the plans that offer about 60 funds , the rate of the involvement went to the 60 percentile .
It turns out even if you decide to participate , when there are more choices , even in that case , there are negative consequences .
So , for those who decided to participate , the bigger the number of choices are , more people will be able to avoid stocks or investment funds .
As soon as you had more choices , they were more willing to invest in market financial bills .
But none of these extreme decisions are the ones that we 're trying to optimize to optimize the future financial well-being .
In the previous decade we 've seen three major negative consequences by offering more and more possibilities .
The most likely thing is that we make the decision , which is still when this is against the self-interest .
They are more likely to make the worst decisions ; in finance and health .
They 're more likely to choose less satisfying things , although objectively better .
The main reason is that you 're looking at that gigantic , <unk> variety of <unk> , mustard , vinegar and jam , but we 're not able to do the calculations to compare , contrast and choose that amazing exhibition .
Today , I want to introduce you to four simple techniques that we 've tried , in one way or another , in different research , so they can test in their business .
The first is , <unk> .
You 've heard it before , but it has never been more true than today , that less is more .
People are always upset when I say , `` <unk> . ''
They care about losing space in <unk> .
But actually , what we 're looking at more and more is that if you choose to cut , to get rid of strange redundant options , there will be an increase in sales , you 're going to increase the costs , there will be a better experience in choice .
When <unk> & Gamble went from 26 different types of Head & <unk> to 15 , saw a 10 percent increase in sales .
When the corporation Golden Golden bomber eliminated the products that were less sold , they increased by 87 percent , for two causes : bigger sales and lower costs .
You know , the supermarkets of today , you have 45,000 products on average .
In a Walmart store , you have about 100,000 products .
But the biggest store in the world today is <unk> , and it offers only 1,400 products ; a kind of tomato sauce on can .
In the world of financial savings , I think one of the best examples that have emerged on the best examples that you 've come up with a better deal is David <unk> , the Harvard program .
All the Harvard employees are automatically embedded to a safe fund of life .
They really want to choose , they 're offered 20 funds , not 300 or more .
You know , people often say , `` I do n't know how to cut .
They 're all important choices . ''
The first thing I do is ask employees , `` Tell me the differences there are between those options .
And if your employees ca n't tell the difference , they ca n't do their customers . ''
This afternoon , before I started this session , I was talking with Gary .
He told me that he would be willing to offer people from this audience on a holiday with all paid pay to the most beautiful road in the world .
Here , a description .
I want you to read it .
I 'm going to give you a few seconds to read it , and then I want you to take a round of applause if you 're ready to take the offer of Gary .
A few applause ) Okay . Anybody who 's ready to accept supply .
They 're not more ?
Well , I 'm going to show you something else .
You knew there was a trick .
Who 's ready for that journey ?
I think I really got to hear more hands .
All right .
Actually , you had more information in the first round , which in the second round , but I can tell you that you thought the second time was more real .
Because the images were made to be more real .
This brings me to the second technique to handle the problem of the overload of choice .
For people to understand the differences between choices , they have to understand the consequences of each choice , and the consequences must feel very vividly , very concrete .
Why do people spend 15 percent more on average when they use debit cards or credit cards , which when it uses cash ?
Because it does n't look like real money .
It turns out to make it look more real , it can be a very positive tool for people to save more .
We did a study with <unk> <unk> and <unk> <unk> , about <unk> <unk> personnel , who worked on <unk> , these people were in a meeting that they were being made to a 401 plan .
And that 's that meeting , that we just save exactly how it used , we made a little addition .
What we added was that we appeal to the staff who would think about the positive things that would promote in their lives if they were saving more money .
With this <unk> , there was an increase in 20 percent , and an increase in how much they were interested in saving or what they wanted to put on their savings accounts , four percent .
The third technique is <unk> .
We can handle more categories than options .
For example , this is a study we did in a magazine hallway .
We saw that in the <unk> supermarkets , the northeast exhibition over the northeast of the northeast , the magazines of magazines can contain from <unk> different types to <unk> .
But you know ?
Because classification tells me how to distinguish them .
These are two jewelry exhibitions .
One is called `` <unk> , '' and the other , `` <unk> . ''
If you think the one on the left is <unk> , and the one on the right is <unk> , you will swim .
A few applause .
If you think the one on the left is <unk> , and the one on the right is <unk> , you will swim .
Well , something else .
It turns out it 's right .
The one on the left is <unk> , and the one on the right is <unk> . But you know something ?
This classification scheme is totally useless .
categories must indicate something that you choose , not that defines it .
You often see this problem with these huge lists of funds .
I suppose who are reporting ?
My fourth category : <unk> complexity .
It turns out we can manage a lot more information than we think , if we just simplified it a little bit .
We have to increase complexity gradually .
I 'm going to show you an example of what I mean .
Let 's look at a complicated decision -- the purchase of a car .
This is a German car manufacturer that allows <unk> .
You have to make 60 decisions , to build the car .
And these decisions vary in the number of choices that offers each one .
<unk> , color out of the car . I have 56 possibilities .
Question , box changes , four choices .
What I 'm going to do is you change the order where the decisions are happening .
So half the customers are going to go from many options , 56 colors , on a few , four boxes .
The other half of customers are going to go from a few options , four boxes , <unk> colors , many options .
And what am I going to look at ?
How much are you .
If you get a sense of the default button in every decision , it indicates that you 're overwhelmed , or it 's : we 're losing them .
We found that the ones that go from lots of choices , push the button per flaw over and over again , and another .
We lose them .
If you go from a few choices to many , it 's still there .
The same information , the same number of choices .
The only thing I did was disrupt the order where information is presented .
If we start with the easy , you learn to choose .
Although the choice of the changes do n't say anything about the preferences of decoration decoration , in all ways you 're being made to choose .
We 're excited about a product that we 're building that we now have more engaged in the process .
So to sum up .
Now , I 've talked about four techniques to mitigate the problem of choices of choice : <unk> , to eliminate strange alternatives -- <unk> , to make it real ; <unk> , we can manage more categories of categories , and we 're looking at complexity .
All of these techniques that I showed them were designed to help alternatives drive , or better , for you , to use them in their business , or for people who serve .
It 's that I think the key to getting the best of an election is being careful about being careful .
And the more careful we 're in our choices , we can practice the art of choice .
Thank you very much .
In the 1980s , in communist East Germany , if you had a typewriter , I had to write to the government .
You had to register an example of <unk> text with the machine .
And this for the government could track the origin of the texts .
If they found a written on the wrong message , you could actually track the footprint to the origin of the idea .
In the West , we do n't conceive of someone who could do this , so much that we would make the freedom of expression .
We would never do that in our countries .
But today , in 2011 , if you buy a laser printer from any big manufacturer , and it prints a page , that page will end up having a little yellow little shot on each page that they follow a pattern that makes them own and a printer .
That 's happening to us today .
And no one seems to do a lot about this .
This is an example of the ways that our governments use technology against us , the citizens .
And it 's one of the three major causes of problems in the network .
If we see what happens in the online world , we can put together the attacks of their attackers .
There are three main groups .
There 's cybercriminals .
Like Mr. Dimitry <unk> from the city of Kiev , in Ukraine .
Your cellphone 's cellphone is very easy to understand .
These guys make money .
They use cyberattacks to earn a lot of money , a huge amount .
There 's actually a lot of online millionaires cases , <unk> , who would make money with their attacks .
This is Vladimir <unk> , from <unk> , Estonia .
This is Alfred born .
This is Stephen Watt .
This is <unk> <unk> .
These are Matthew Anderson , let 's get it <unk> etc. , etc. , etc .
These guys do their fortunes online , but they do it by illegal means through banking trojans to steal money from our accounts , when we buy online , or steal our keys to get information from our cards when we buy into an infected computer .
The secret service of the United States , two months ago , froze the Swiss account of this guy , Sam Jain , and this realization was <unk> million dollars when it was frozen .
Mr. Jain goes down ; they do n't know your stop .
And I say that today is more likely than any of us from a crime victim than a real crime .
And it 's very obvious that this is going to worse in worse .
In the future , most of the crimes are online .
The second set of resistance that we see today is not driven by money .
There 's another thing that moves them , they motivate the protests , they motivate the opinions , they motivate them .
groups like Anonymous have gone into the last 12 months occupying a prominent role in the online attacks .
Those are the three main attackers : criminals who make it for money , <unk> like Anonymous that do it to protest and the last group are the national governments that attack .
And then we see cases like <unk> .
That 's a good example of government attacking its own citizens .
<unk> is a <unk> authority of the Netherlands , or , actually , it was .
<unk> the last fall because of a <unk> .
Let 's get the safety of the site and produce <unk> .
Last week , I asked , in a meeting with representative of the Dutch government , asked one of the leaders if they found the death of people who could find the death of people because of the attack to <unk> .
And the answer of him was yes .
So how do people die from a attack of these ?
<unk> is an <unk> authority .
<unk> certificates .
What 's the certificates ?
Well , you need to be needed if you have a website with <unk> , services , services , like Gmail .
<unk> with foreign authority authority .
It 's the so-called <unk> certificates .
And in the case of <unk> happened exactly that .
And what happened in the Arab Spring and those things that have happened , for example , in Egypt ?
Well , in Egypt , they looted the headquarters of the Egyptian secret police police in April of 2011 , and during UCLA , they found a lot of papers .
Among those papers was this titled folder .
And within that folder , there were a couple of notes from a company based in Germany that had sold the Egyptian government in order to intercept the communications of the citizens of the country .
They sold this tool for 100,000 euros to the Egyptian government .
The company headquarters is right here .
But it is , Western governments provide tools to totalitarian governments to do this to their citizens .
But Western governments also do this to themselves .
For example , in Germany , just a couple of weeks ago , he found the <unk> <unk> -- a <unk> used by the German government officials to investigate their own citizens .
If you 're <unk> in a criminal case , it 's pretty obvious that your phone is <unk> .
But today it goes beyond .
It 's <unk> the Internet connection .
We 've got even tools like <unk> <unk> to infect our computer with a <unk> to enable them to see all the communication , and listen to online arguments , to get our data .
When we think carefully about things like this obvious answer , it should be `` Well , it seems bad , but it does n't really affect me because I 'm an honest citizen .
Why worry about ?
I have nothing to hide . ''
And that argument does n't make sense .
It 's at stake .
privacy is no dispute .
It 's not a question of privacy against security .
It 's about freedom against control .
If we could trust our governments today in 2011 , any right that we 're going to do today , it will be forever .
Are you blindly paying in any future government , in a management that we could have within 50 years ?
These are the questions that you 're worried about in the next 50 years .
This is where I live . I live in Kenya , in the South Side of Nairobi Park .
These are the cows of my dad , in the background , and behind the cows , the National Park .
The National Park in Nairobi does n't have fences in most of the South , which means that wild animals like zebras migrate out of the park .
And predators , like lions , follow them , and this is what they do .
We had our livestock .
This is one that they killed at night , and so soon we got up in the morning and we found him dead in the morning , and we found it dead , because it was the only bull 's one .
My community , the <unk> , we think we came out of the sky with our animals and all the land to <unk> , and so we value them so much .
So , I grew up hate a lot .
And they died are warriors that protect our community and livestock , and they 're also upset with the problem .
So they kill lions .
This is one of the six lions who killed in Nairobi .
I think this is so few in Nairobi Park .
A child in my community , from the 6 at nine to nine , is responsible for the livestock of his father , and this was the same thing that I was happening to me .
So I had to find a way to fix this problem .
My first idea was to use fire , because I thought to lions were afraid .
But I realized that it did n't help me , because I even helped lions see the pen at the distance .
I did n't give up . He went on .
A second idea was to use a <unk> .
I was trying to trick lions so they believed that I was close to the stable .
But lions are very smart . They came up with the first day and they saw the <unk> , and they were , but the second day , they came back and said , `` This thing does n't move , it 's always here . So went down and killed animals .
So one night , I was walking around the barn with a torch and that day lions did n't come .
I found that lions are afraid of the light that moves .
So I had an idea .
And I got a switch on and I got a switch off .
And this is a little lamp of a broken flashlight .
Let 's do everything .
As you can see , the solar cell load the battery and the battery <unk> the electricity to the small <unk> box . I call it a transformative .
And the <unk> box makes the lights .
As you can see , the <unk> give out , because that 's where lions come from .
And this is how lions come when they come from night .
<unk> lights and <unk> lions so you think I 'm walking through the stable , but I 'm sleeping in my bed .
Thank you .
So I put them in my house two years ago , and since then , we never had trouble with lions .
And the houses of the neighborhood have heard the idea .
One is from this grandmother .
She had been killed by a lot of animals , and he asked me if I could put the lights on .
I said yes .
I put them . You can see at the bottom , these are the lights for lions .
Since then , I 've installed them in seven houses in my community and they 're serving a lot .
And my idea is also used now by all Kenya , to scare other predators like hyenas , leopards , and also being used to make farm elephants .
Thanks to this invention , I was fortunate to get a scholarship on one of the best schools in Kenya , <unk> International School , and I 'm very excited .
My new school is now helping to raise funds and <unk> .
I even took my friends to my community and we installed lights in the houses that you do n't have , and I show them how to put them .
So a year ago , it was only a child on the savanna meadows , the cows of my father , and I used to see airplanes fly , and I would say that one day would be inside one .
And here I am here .
I got the chance to come in the airplane for the first time to TED .
My big dream is to get to be an engineer from aviation and a pilot .
I used to hate lions , but now as my invention is saving the cows of my dad and to lions , we can be with lions without any conflict .
<unk> <unk> . What in my language means thank you very much .
Chris Anderson : You do n't picture how exciting it is to hear a story like you .
So you got a scholarship . Richard <unk> : Yeah .
CA : You 're working on other electrical inventions .
What 's the next one on your list ?
<unk> : My next invention is -- I want to make an electric fence . CA : A fence fence ?
<unk> : I know it already invented electric fences , but I want to do mine .
CA : So I did it once again , right ? And you ... <unk> : I 've tried it before , but I stopped because I got a <unk> . CA : On the foot of the canyon . Richard <unk> , you 're a big thing .
We 're going to put it in every step you give , my friend .
Thank you very much . <unk> : Thank you very much .
When I was a little bit , I thought my country was the best of the planet .
And I grew up singing a song called `` <unk> nothing . ''
And I felt so proud .
In school , we will come up with all the time by studying the history of Kim <unk> , but we never learned much from the rest of the world , except that America , South Korea , Japan are enemies .
But sometimes I wondered about the rest of the world , I thought I 'd spend all my life in North Korea , until everything changed suddenly .
When I was seven years old , I saw my first public execution .
But I thought my life in North Korea was normal .
My family was not poor , and I was never hungry .
But one day , in 1995 , my mom brought home a letter from my sister 's colleague .
That said , `` When I was doing this , the five members of the family will stop there in this world , because we have n't eaten it in the two weeks .
We 're <unk> together on the floor , and our bodies are so weak , we 're prepared to die . ''
It was very altered .
It was the first time I heard that people were suffering in my country .
When I was walking in front of the train station , I saw something terrible that I ca n't erase from my memory .
A woman without life was dead in the street , holding a child in his arms looking at her mother 's face without being able to do anything .
Nobody was helping them , because they were very concerned about taking care of themselves and their families .
An enormous famine touches North Korea in North Korea in the middle of the '90s .
In the end , over a million North Koreans died during the hunger and only a few survived eating grass , insects and tree cortex .
They also became more and more frequently made energy cuts , all around me was completely in dark at night except for the sea lights in China , barely crossing the river from my home .
I 'd always wondered why they had light and we do n't .
This is a nuclear picture of North Korea at night compared to the neighboring countries .
This is the <unk> river , which is between North Korea and China .
As you can see , the river can be very narrow in certain points , allowing North Koreans to live secretly .
But many people die .
Sometimes , I saw bodies floating around the river .
I ca n't tell you the details of how I went out of North Korea , but I can only say that during the years of hunger , I was sent to China to live with distant relatives .
But I just thought I would be separated from my family for short time .
I could never have imagined that it would take 14 years to live together .
In China , it was hard to live as a young woman without my family .
I had no idea what life would be like as a refugee .
But I soon learned that it 's not just extremely difficult , but dangerous , because the refugees North Koreans in China were considered illegal immigrants .
So I was living with a constant fear that my identity was revealed , and it would be attached to a horrible destination back in North Korea .
One day , my worst nightmare was actually made , when I was arrested by the Chinese police , and I was blown away in the police station .
Someone had been accused for me to be <unk> , so I would give them my skills in the Chinese language and asked me a lot of questions .
I was <unk> .
I thought my heart was going to explode .
If it did n't seem natural , it could be incarcerated and <unk> .
I thought my life was going to end .
But I managed to control my emotions and I answered the questions .
At the end of the interrogation , an official said to another , `` This was a false report . She 's not <unk> . ''
And I was left . It was a miracle .
Some North Koreans in China seek asylum in foreign embassies .
But many can be arrested by the Chinese police and <unk> .
These women were very lucky .
Even though they had captured it , they were eventually released after a harsh international pressure .
These North Koreans were not so lucky .
Every year , countless North Koreans are captured in China and North Korea , where they are tortured , incarcerated or executed in public .
Though I was lucky to escape , many other Koreans have not been lucky enough .
It 's tragic that the North Koreans have to hide their identities and fight so hard to survive .
Even after learning a new language and to find work , everybody can take it in a moment .
That 's why , after 10 years of hiding my identity , I decided I would be giving South Korea .
And I started a new life again .
<unk> in South Korea was a much greater challenge of what I expected .
English was very important in South Korea , I had to start learning my third language .
Also , I understood that there was a big gap between North and South .
We are all Koreans , but within , we 've come to be very different from 67 years of division .
I even went through an identity crisis .
Am I <unk> or <unk> ?
Where am I ? Who am I ?
Suddenly there was no country I could call my pride .
Even though we did life in South Korea , it was n't easy , I did a plan . I started studying for the university exam .
Just when we started to <unk> my new life , I got an alarming call .
North Korea <unk> some money that sent my family , and as punishment , my family was going to be displaced to the force to a remote location outside .
They had to run away immediately .
So I started planning how to help them escape .
North Koreans have to travel long distances on the way to freedom .
It 's almost impossible to cross the border between North Korea and South Korea .
So , ironically , I took a flight to China and walked to the border of North Korea .
Since my family could n't speak Chinese , I had to take them back in a way , for over 3,000 kilometers across China , and then across Southeast Asia .
The journey in <unk> took a week , and we almost went into various times .
Once , our bus was stopped and addressed by a Chinese police officer .
And he asked him all , and he started asking them questions .
As my family could n't understand Chinese , I thought my family was going to be arrested .
When the Chinese officer came up to my family , impulse standing up and I told him that they were <unk> people that was accompanying them .
And I looked at me , but fortunately , I thought .
We did all the way to the Laos border .
But I had to spend almost all my money in order to bribe border guards in Laos .
But even after spending the border , my family was arrested and incarcerated for crossing the border illegally .
After paying fees and bribes , my family was released in a month .
But while my family was arrested and incarcerated again in the capital of Laos .
This was one of the lowest points in my life .
I did everything for free my family , and we were so close , but my family was <unk> in prison away from the South Korean embassy .
I was , and I was coming between the immigration office and the police station desperately trying to release my family .
But it did n't have enough money to pay more bribes or tickets .
I lost hope .
At that time , or a man 's voice , `` What 's the problem ? ''
I was so surprised that a stranger would mind asking .
With my poor English , and with a dictionary , I explained the situation , and without doubt , the man was the ATM , and he gave me the rest of the money for my family and for another two North Koreans and take them out of prison .
I thank all of my heart , and I said , `` Why do you help me ? ''
`` I 'm not helping you , '' he said .
`` I 'm helping the <unk> people . ''
I realized that was a symbolic moment in my life .
The nice stranger would bring a new hope for me and for the people to cooperate when we more needed it .
And it showed me that the kindness of strangers and the support of the international community are really the projections of hope that the <unk> people need .
Over time , after our long journey , my family and I sat down in South Korea .
But achieving their freedom is only half the battle .
A lot of Koreans are separated from their families , and when they went to a new country , they start with a little bit of money .
So we can benefit from the international community with education , language language , work practices , and more .
We can also act as a bridge between people within North Korea and the rest of the world .
Because many of us are still in contact with family still inside , and we send information and money that 's helping to change North Korea from the inside .
I 've been very lucky , I 've got a lot of help and inspiration in my life , so I want to help North Koreans an opportunity to thrive with international support .
I 'm sure you 're going to see more and more North Koreans , including on the TED stage .
Thank you .
I live in the South Center .
This is South Center : <unk> stores , fast food , <unk> land .
So the city planners got together and thought , we 're going to change the name of South Central Center to represent something more , so they changed it to South Africa , as if this <unk> what 's actually wrong in the city .
This is L.A. . <unk> of <unk> , fast food , <unk> land .
Like millions of other Americans , I live in a food desert , Los Angeles Center , to the home of the food places to bring and eat in the car .
The curious thing is that the food places to take kill more people than food in the car .
People are dying of treatable diseases in Los Angeles Center .
For example , the rate of obesity in my neighborhood is five times greater than , let 's say , Beverly Hills , which is like 15 miles away .
I emphasize this to happen .
And I wonder , how would you feel if you did n't have access to healthy food , and if every time you go home , you see the bad effects that the current food system has in their neighborhood ?
I see the wheelchair bought and sold as used cars .
I see dialysis malls like Starbucks .
And I think this needs to stop .
I think the problem is the solution .
Food is the problem , and it 's the solution .
He also got tired of driving 45 minutes back and back to buy an apple that has no pesticides .
What I did , he was planting a forest in front of my home .
In a sliver of land we call a gardening .
This is 45 x three meters .
The point is , it belongs to the city .
But you have to keep it .
I said , `` Well , I can do what comes to me in wins , because it 's my responsibility and I have to keep it . ''
That 's how I decided to keep it .
So my group and I , L.A. <unk> <unk> , we got together , and we started planting our food forest , <unk> trees , you know , the nine full vegetables .
What we 're doing , we are a kind of paid group in advance of gardeners of all the backgrounds , from all the city and completely voluntary , and everything we do is free .
And the garden , it was beautiful .
Then someone complained .
The city went over to me and summary , they gave me a <unk> saying that I had to remove my garden , the <unk> became order .
And I said , `` Come on , really ?
A judicial order for planting food on a piece of land that no one matters ? '' So I was like , `` Well , <unk> . ''
Because this time I was n't going to happen .
The L.A. Times had a story written by Steve <unk> , and I spoke to the <unk> and one of the Green <unk> members who put a petition in <unk> , with 900 firms , we were successful .
We had victory in our hands .
My <unk> even called to say that <unk> and they loved what we were doing .
I mean , let 's go , why not ?
L.A. is the city of America with more <unk> land .
It 's 68 miles of <unk> land .
That 's about 20 Central Parks .
That 's enough space to plant <unk> million tomato plants .
Why on Earth do n't you like this ?
<unk> a plant to give a thousand , 10,000 seeds .
When a dollar of <unk> will give you 75 dollars a result .
It 's my hymn , when I tell people , you grow your own food .
Do your own food is like print your own money .
You see , I have a legacy for the South Center .
I grew up there . I grew up there .
I became a part of this <unk> reality that was <unk> for me for others , and I 'm going to manufacture my own reality .
You see , I 'm an artist .
<unk> is my graffiti , me culture .
Such a graffiti artist , which <unk> walls , I would <unk> soils , <unk> .
I use the garden , the land , as a piece of canvas , and the plants and the trees , are my <unk> of that canvas .
You 'd be surprised to see what the Earth can do , if you let their canvas .
You just ca n't imagine how amazing it is , and how it affects people .
What happened ?
I 'm a witness of how my garden became an education tool , from my neighborhood .
To change the community , you have to change the composition of the land .
We are the land .
You 'd be surprised to see how they affect kids .
<unk> is the most therapeutic and provocative act that you can do , especially in a <unk> .
Also , you get strawberries .
I remember one occasion , that they came a mother and her daughter , they were kind of like IBM o'clock at night , and they were in my garden , and I went out and looked very <unk> .
I , well , man , I sat down there , and I said , you know , you do n't have to do this .
This is on the street for a reason .
I felt shame when I saw people that I was so close to hunger , and this only reinforces why I do this , people ask me , `` End , do n't temes get to steal your food ? ''
And I say , `` For God , I 'm not afraid you 're going to steal . ''
That 's why it 's on the street .
That 's what it 's about .
I want you to take it , but again , I want you to get your health . ''
There was another time I put a garden in a <unk> shelter at the center of Los Angeles .
They were these guys , who helped me download the truck .
It was fabulous , I shared their stories about how this affected , and how they used to plant his mom and his grandmother , and it was fabulous to see how this changed , so just for a moment .
So Green <unk> has come to plant maybe 20 yards .
We 've had , like 50 people who come from , work and participate , every volunteer plan .
If the kids cultivate <unk> , the kids will eat <unk> .
If you grow tomatoes , you will eat tomatoes , but if none of this is taught , if you 're not taught how food affects your mind and your body , you eat blind what you 're in front of .
I see young people who want to work , but they have this thing in which they 're trapped . I see kids who are on this path that are designed for them , which does n't take them anywhere .
By the gardening , I see an opportunity where we can train these kids who are getting rid of their communities to have a sustainable life .
And when we do this , who knows ?
Maybe you produce the next George Washington , <unk> Washington .
But if we do n't change the composition of the land , we never will .
Now this is one of my plans , this is something I want to do .
I want to plant a whole block of gardens , where people can share food on the same block .
I want to take a container and turn them into healthy cafes .
Do n't get me wrong .
I 'm not talking about free things , because the free is not sustainable .
What 's curious about sustainability is that you have to <unk> .
What I 'm talking about is putting people together , getting the kids out of the street , who know the joy , the pride and the honor of growing their own food , opening farmers from farmers .
What I want to do here , we have to make it sexy .
I want you all to become <unk> <unk> , <unk> , gardeners <unk> .
We have to change the script of what 's a <unk> .
If you 're not a gardener , you 're not a <unk> .
That <unk> would take their shovel ?
That 's their weapon of choice .
In addition , if you want to meet with me , well , if you want to see me , I 'm not calling if you want to sit in comfortable chairs and have meetings to talk about making some crap -- to talk about making some crap .
If you want to see me , you come to the garden with your backhoe so that we could plant something .
Peace . Thank you .
Thank you .
( <unk> <unk> ) You probably all agree with me in that this is a pretty nice road .
It 's made of asphalt , and asphalt is a good material to drive , but not always , especially in days like today , that it rains .
You can have a lot of water on the asphalt that comes from .
And especially if you 're on their bicycle , and these cars go , that 's not very nice .
Also , asphalt can make a lot of noise .
It 's a noisy material , and if we build roads , like the Netherlands , very close to cities , we 'd want a silent road .
The solution for that is to make <unk> roads .
<unk> asphalt , a material that we use now in most of the roads in the Netherlands , has pores and water can go through it , so all the rain water flow over the side and you will have a road that 's easy to drive , and you wo n't get water out of water .
Noise will also disappear into these pores .
Because it 's very hollow , all the noise disappear , so it 's a very silent road .
It also has , of course , and the downside of this road is that you can get rid of it .
What is to get to ? See that on this road , the stones on the surface go out .
First of all , a stone , then several more and more and so on , and then -- well , I wo n't do that . But you can hurt her windshield , and you wo n't be happy with that .
And finally , this can also bring more and more harm .
Sometimes you can create potholes with that .
Ah . It 's ready .
<unk> , of course , can be converted into a problem , but we have a solution .
You can actually see what the damage appears in this material .
It 's a porous <unk> , as I said , so it only has a small amount of <unk> between the stones .
Because of the open , the ultraviolet light , to oxidation , this <unk> , this <unk> , the glue between the <unk> , will be offended , and if they 're <unk> , they will be able to get out of the <unk> .
So , if you drive the road , you 'll get the <unk> -- as we saw here .
To solve this problem , we think about <unk> materials .
If we can make this material <unk> , then we probably have a solution .
So what we can do is use steel wool , which is to clean up <unk> , and we can cut the wool of steel on very small pieces , and we can mix those little bits with the <unk> .
So we have asphalt with little pieces of steel wool in it .
Then you need a machine , like you see here , you 're using cooking -- a induction machine .
<unk> can heat , especially steel , is really good at that .
So what you 've got to do is heat the steel , melt the <unk> , the <unk> flow by these <unk> , and the stones will go back to the surface .
Today , I used a microwave oven , because I ca n't bring the big induction machine here to the stage .
The microwave oven is a similar system .
I put the show , I 'm going to take it back to see what happened .
This is the show that comes out right now .
I said we have this kind of industrial machine in the lab to heat the samples .
We tried a lot of samples there , and then the government , you really saw our results , and they thought , `` Well , that 's really interesting . We have to try . ''
So , I donated a little bit of road , 400 meters from the <unk> freeway , where we had to make a test lane to test this material .
So that 's what we did there . You see where we were doing the road test , and then , of course , this road lasts for several years without any harm . That 's what we know about practice .
We took a lot of samples of this road and we tested them in the lab .
We made the samples , we 've got a lot of burden on them , and we 've put a lot of charge on them , and then the argument that we do with our induction machine and the argument , and we went back to prove it .
We can repeat this many times .
Well , to conclude , I can say that we 've made a material using steel fibers , bringing these fibers together , using induction energy to actually increase the lives of the road , actually , increase the life of the road , you can even double the life of the surface .
And now , of course , they 're curious about whether this worked .
We still have the show here . It 's pretty hot .
Actually , it has to cool first before I can show you how repairability acts .
But I 'm going to make an attempt .
Let 's see . Yes , it worked .
Thank you .
When I was 11 years old , I remember having I woken up a morning with the sound of <unk> in my house .
My father was listening to BBC News on his little gray radio .
I had a big smile in his face that was unusual at those times , because the news is generally <unk> .
`` The Taliban ! '' `` The Taliban . ''
I did n't know what it meant , but I could see that my father was very , very happy .
`` Now , you can go to a real school , '' he told me .
One morning I 'll never forget .
A school of truth .
You see , I was six years old when the Taliban ran out of Afghanistan and made girls go to school .
For the next five years , I 'm going to give me a kid as a kid to join my older sister , who could n't be alone outside , to go to a secret school .
It was the only way we could educate ourselves .
Every day , we were taking a different route so that nobody could suspect where we were going .
We had to hide books in market bags so that we were shopping .
The school was in a house , more than 100 of us tight in a small room .
It was nice in the winter , but extremely hot in summer .
We all knew that we would make our lives , the teacher , the students and our parents .
Occasionally , school suddenly closed for a week , because the Taliban ' Taliban .
We always wondered what they knew about us .
Were they following us ?
Did you know where we live ?
We were <unk> , but yet , school was where we wanted to be .
I was very lucky to grow in a family where education was a treasure .
My grandfather was an extraordinary man for his time .
A total <unk> of a remote province in Afghanistan , <unk> in that his daughter , my mother , went to school , and so his father would <unk> it .
But my educated mother became a teacher .
This is her .
It took two years ago , just to turn our house into school for girls and women in our neighborhood .
And my father , this is , was the first of all his family to receive education .
There was no doubt that their children had to receive education , even their daughters , despite the Taliban , despite the risks .
For him , there was a higher risk to do not educate her children .
For the years of the Taliban , I remember there were moments where I was too frustrated with our life , and I was always scared and I did n't see a future .
I wanted to give up , but my father said , `` <unk> , my daughter , you can lose everything you have in life .
You can steal your money . You can force yourself to leave your house for a war .
But there 's one thing that will always be with you , what 's here and if we have to sell our blood to pay your education , we will .
So , do you still want to do it ? ''
I 'm 22 today .
I grew up in a country that has been destroyed by decades of war .
Less than six percent of women in my age have more than high school , and if my family had n't been so committed to my education , I would be one of them .
Instead , I find myself a proud of college at <unk> College .
When I went back to Afghanistan , my grandfather , who was home from her home to the courage to educate her daughters , was one of the first to congratulate us .
He 's not only taken from my college degree , but also that I was the first woman , and I 'm the first woman , I 'm driving it on the streets of Kabul .
My family believes in me .
I dream big , but my family has even more big dreams .
That 's why I 'm the global ambassador of <unk> , a global campaign to educate women .
It 's why I cofounded <unk> , the first and perhaps the only private school for girls in Afghanistan , a country where it 's still risky for girls to go to school .
The exciting thing is that I see the students in my school with the strong desire to leverage the opportunity .
And I see her parents and their families who , like mine , would promote for them , even though in front of an daunting opposition .
Like Ahmed . It 's not his true name , and I ca n't show you his face , but Ahmed is the father of one of my students .
Less than a month ago , he and his daughter were coming from the way from <unk> to his village , and literally they escaped from being killed by a bomb on the road , for minutes .
When you get home , they 're the phone , a voice , he warned her if he kept sending her daughter to school , would back to him .
`` <unk> already , if you want , '' he said , `` but not hurt the future of my daughter for his old and <unk> ideas . ''
What I 've realized in Afghanistan , and it 's something that 's often forgotten in the West , is that behind most of the <unk> , there 's a father who recognized the value of his daughter and he sees that success of her own success .
It does n't mean that our mothers have not been key to our success .
In fact , they are often the first compelling <unk> of the bright future of their daughters , but in the context of a society like Afghanistan , we need the support of men .
Under the Taliban , girls who went to school count on hundreds -- remember , it was illegal .
But today , more than three million girls go to school in Afghanistan .
Afghanistan is so different from here in the United States .
I find that Americans see the fragility of the changes .
And I fear these changes do n't last long , after the retreat of the United States .
But when I go back to Afghanistan , when I look at the students in my school and their parents who were beaten up for them , that encouraged them , I see a future <unk> and lasting future .
For me , Afghanistan is a country of hope and limitless possibilities , and every day the girls in <unk> remind me .
Like me , they dream big .
Thank you .
Never , I 've never forgotten the words of my grandmother who died in exile , `` <unk> , resist Gaddafi . <unk> against it .
But you never get back a revolutionary Gaddafi going back . ''
They 've been nearly two years since the <unk> revolution broke by the surge of mass <unk> , both of the Tunisian revolution as Egyptian revolution .
A forces with many other citizens <unk> , inside and outside of the country to call a day of anger and starting a revolution against the <unk> regime of Gaddafi .
And we did it . It was a big revolution .
Women , young men , were at the cutting edge , pushing each of the regime in the regime , carrying billboards of freedom , dignity and social justice .
You 've shown a courage to the brutal dictatorship of Gaddafi .
You 've shown a great sense of solidarity from the <unk> East , to the west , to the south .
Finally , after a six months of brutal war and a loss of about 50,000 dead , we managed to release our country and overthrowing the tyrant .
However , Gaddafi dropped a heavy burden , a legacy of tyranny , corruption and seeds of disruption .
For four decades , the <unk> regime of Gaddafi destroyed the infrastructure , the culture and the moral structure of society .
Be aware of the devastation and the challenges , I 've wanted , along with many other women , rebuilding civil society , pushing up an inclusive and fair transition to democracy and national reconciliation .
There were approximately 200 organizations in <unk> for , and immediately after the fall of Gaddafi , about 300 to <unk> .
After a period of 33 years of exile , I went back to Libya and unique enthusiasm , I started organizing workshops on development development , and skills skills .
So with an amazing group of women , we started studying the Women of Women <unk> by the Peace , a movement of women , leaders , in a very diverse way , to advocate for the <unk> range of women and for our rights of equal participation in the building of democracy and peace .
I found myself with a very difficult environment in the <unk> period -- an environment that was increasingly <unk> , that are <unk> of selfish policies of domination and exclusion .
Over time , our initiative was approved and successful .
Women won a <unk> percent of the National Congress in the first elections in 52 years .
However , gradually , the elation of elections and the revolution like a whole , were disappearing ; every day we found news from violence .
One day we woke up with the news of the <unk> of ancient mosques and graves .
Another day <unk> with the news of the U.S. Ambassador and attack on <unk> .
Another day we woke up with the news of the murder of the army officers .
And every day , each day , we wake up with the militias of militia and their collaboration , the human rights , of the prisoners and their lack of respect of the law .
Our society , made up of a revolutionary mindset , became more than the ideals of ideals and the principles of freedom , dignity , social justice , which we had at the beginning .
<unk> , exclusion and revenge became the icons of the implications of the revolution .
I 'm not here today to inspire you to inspire our history of the <unk> list and the election .
Rather , I 'm here today to tell you that we , as a nation , we chose wrong , we make the wrong decision .
We do n't prioritize well .
Because elections did n't brought the peace , stability and security to Libya .
The <unk> list and <unk> between candidates and candidates brought national reconciliation and national reconciliation ?
No , they did n't .
What happened then ?
Why is our society to continue polarized and dominated with selfish policies of domination and exclusion , both by men like women ?
Perhaps what was missing was not only women , but female values of compassion , mercy and inclusion .
Our society needs the national dialogue and the creation of consensus more than the choices that the choices needed , which only informs polarization and division .
Our nation needs a pioneering representation of the women that will need the numerical representation and quantitative .
We need to stop acting as outrage , and call days of anger .
We need to start acting as agents of compassion and mercy .
We have to develop a female discourse , which is not only <unk> , but it will also deliver mercy for mercy instead of revenge , collaboration instead of competence , inclusion rather than exclusion .
These are the ideals that a Libya , mangled by war , desperately need to get the end of the peace .
Because peace has a alchemy that deals with the interrelationship and <unk> between female perspectives and male perspectives .
That 's the real <unk> .
We need to establish that in an existential way before we did it in a way .
According to a <unk> of the Koran `` <unk> '' -- `` is the word of God 's God , [ <unk> , compassionate . ''
At the same time , the word `` <unk> , '' which is known in all the <unk> traditions , has the same root in Arabic that the word `` <unk> '' -- the uterus -- , <unk> the feminine and motherly , which covers all the humanity of the men and women , of which all tribes and all the people have <unk> .
And so , like the uterus completely covers the embryo , which grows inside , the divine array of compassion is nurtured all the existence .
So it 's like , `` My mercy involves all things . ''
So it 's like , `` My mercy is about my anger . ''
That you all cared about the grace of mercy .
Thank you .
I 'm here today to talk to you about a disturbing question , which has a very disturbing answer .
This is the secrets of domestic violence , and the question I 'm going to address is the one that everybody 's done always : Why is she left ?
Why would someone stay with a man who does it ?
I 'm not a psychiatrist , not a social worker , no expert in domestic violence .
I 'm just a woman with a story to tell .
I was 22 years old . I was just <unk> at Harvard University .
I had moved to New York for my first job as a writer and editor in <unk> .
I had my first apartment , my first <unk> green man , and he had a very big secret .
My secret was that many , many times , the man , who was creating my twin soul , was walking down to the head with a gun , charged with <unk> bullets .
The man who loved more than anyone in this world , put a gun in my head and threatened to kill me more times than I can remember .
I 'm here to tell you the story of `` crazy love , '' a psychological trap , in love , where every year millions of women go , and even some men .
It could even be his story .
I do n't look like a typical survivor of domestic violence .
I 'm <unk> in the Harvard University of Harvard , and I have an MBA at <unk> School of School School .
I 've spent most of my career working for Fortune 500 companies , between Johnson & Johnson , Leo <unk> and The Washington Post .
I 've been nearly 20 years married with my second husband , and we have three children .
My dog is a black <unk> , and I lead a <unk> <unk> Odyssey .
So my first message for you is that domestic violence can happen to anybody , all races , all the religions , all the income levels and education .
It 's everywhere .
And my second message is that everybody thinks that domestic violence happens to women , which is a problem of women .
Not exactly .
More than 85 percent of <unk> are men , and the domestic abuse only happens in close , interdependent , <unk> abuse , or said otherwise , in the families , the last place where we 'd want or expect to find violence , which is why the domestic abuse is so puzzling .
I myself would have told you that it would be the last person in the world that would stay with a man who was hitting it , and I was actually a very typical victim because of my age .
I was 22 years old , and in the United States , women in between 16 and 24 times of age , and over 500 women and girls of that age are killed every year by couples , boyfriends and abusive husbands in the United States .
I was also a typical victim , because I knew nothing about domestic violence , their warning signals or their patterns .
I met <unk> on a cold and wet late January .
I was sitting next to my side in New York City , and he started to join me .
He told me two things .
The first one was that he had just taken away from a graduate school university , and he was working in a very important bank from Wall Street .
But what struck me in that first meeting was that it was ready and fun , and that seemed like a field guy .
He had some big <unk> as apples , and a single blond hair , and it seemed so sweet .
One of the most intelligent things that made <unk> , from the beginning , was to create the illusion that I was the dominant component of the couple .
He did everything at the beginning of a pedestal .
We started out and loved everything about me : that I was ready , that I had gone to Harvard , I 'd put passion to help teenage girls , and my job .
I wanted to know everything about my family , my childhood , my dreams and illusions .
<unk> believed in me as a writer , and as a woman , like a woman had ever done .
And it was why the bachelor 's degree in that <unk> school and the work on Wall Street and his brilliant future had so much relevance to him .
I did n't know that the first phase of any domestic violence relationship is seduced and <unk> the victim .
And I did n't know that the second step is <unk> .
Now , the last thing I wanted to do was I 'm going to go from New York and let my dreams ' work , but I thought I had to do it sacrifices for your partner , so I accepted , I left my job and I went out and I went together from Manhattan .
I had no idea that I was falling into a `` crazy love '' -- that was entering a physical , physical , psychological trap .
The next step in the pattern of domestic violence is to introduce the threat of violence to see how she reacts to it .
And this is where these guns come into the scene .
As soon as we moved to New England , you know , that site where it was supposed to be so safe was bought three guns .
One was in the <unk> of the car .
Another he kept kept under the pillow in our bed and the third always in his pocket .
And he said he needed these guns because of the trauma that lived in small .
I needed them to feel safe .
But those guns were actually a message for me and , although I had never raised my hand , my life was already serious danger , every minute of every day .
The first physical attack happened for five days before our wedding .
It was <unk> in the morning , and I still had the <unk> .
Five days later , when the 10 bruises of my neck had disappeared , I put my wedding suit of my mother and married him .
Despite what had happened , I was sure that I was living happily forever , because I loved it , and he loved it as well .
And I was very , very likely .
It was just very overwhelmed by the wedding and the fact of a family to form a family with me .
It had been an isolated accident , and I would never hurt myself .
It went twice more times in our <unk> .
And the first time I was driving to a secret beach , and I lost , and he got so strong in the head that he would <unk> a few times against the car window .
And then a couple of days later , driving back from our honey moon , went through the traffic and threw a Big Mac cold to the face .
<unk> continued to <unk> one or two times a week for the next two and a half years of our marriage .
I was reminded when I thought it was the only one in this situation .
One of every three American women is a victim of domestic violence or bullying at some point in their life , and the Centers for Disease Control by reporting that every year 15 million children are <unk> , 15 million .
So , actually , I had very good company .
To go back to my question : Why did I stand ?
The answer is simple .
I did n't know he was abusing me .
Instead , I was a very strong woman , in love with a profoundly <unk> man , and was the only person in the world who could help him face their demons .
The other question everybody does is , why do n't we just go ?
Why did n't I ? I could have been at any time .
For me , this is the most sad and painful question that people do , because we , the victims , we know something that you normally ignore : it 's incredibly dangerous to abandon a <unk> .
Because the last phase in the medical violence pattern is kill her .
More than 70 percent of the murders of domestic violence occur after the victim ever had to end , after getting out , because then the <unk> has nothing to lose .
Other implications include permanent harassment , even after the <unk> has come back to become married , <unk> of financial resources , and manipulation of the family justice system for <unk> to the victim and their children , who normally are forced by the judges to spend time with the man who beat his mother .
And we still keep asking why it 's simply not going ?
I was able to go , because of a last <unk> beating that beat my denial .
I realized that the man who loved it so much , would have killed me if he had allowed it .
So I broke the silence .
I told everybody about the world -- to the police , my neighbors , my friends and family , all unknown , and I 'm here today because all of you helped me .
We have the tendency to prescribe the victims as spooky headlines , <unk> women , damaged goods .
The question , `` Why is it left ? ''
For some people , it 's a way to say `` guilt is theirs for stay , '' as if the victims <unk> intentionally fall in love with men who want to destroy them .
But since I published `` Such love , '' I 've heard hundreds of stories of men and women who had learned hundreds of stories of what happened to them , and they transcend their lives , joyful and happy lives like them , wives and mothers , completely free lives of violence , like mine .
Because it turns out I 'm actually a victim and a survivor of domestic violence .
I got married with a cute little man , and we have these three kids .
I have that black <unk> and also that <unk> .
What I wo n't have ever more , ever , is a charged gun pointing to my head of someone who says he wants me .
At this point , you 're thinking , `` <unk> , that 's fascinating ! '' or `` <unk> , '' or `` <unk> , '' but all this time I 've actually been talking about you .
I assure you that there are a few people , who are listening to me right now , who are being battered , or that they were of small , or they 're <unk> themselves .
<unk> might be affecting their daughter , his sister , his best friend right now .
I was able to end my crazy particular love , breaking the silence .
And I keep doing it today .
It 's my way to help other victims , and it 's my final request to you .
Talk about what you 've heard here .
<unk> thrives just in silence .
They have the power to stop domestic violence simply by throwing light on it .
We need the victims we need everyone .
We need each one of you to understand the secrets of domestic violence .
Take the abuse of the light talking about it with their kids , their coworkers , their friends and family .
They would tell their vision of survivors as fantastic and charming people , who have a very much future .
They put the early signs of violence to intervene consciously , to slow down their climb and show the victims , a safe output .
Together we can convert our beds , our tables and our families in the safe and peaceful oasis that they should be .
Thank you .
Hi . I call myself Russell Russell , and for a while , I 'm a model .
To be precise , for 10 years .
And I feel like this moment there is an awkward tension in the room , because I should n't have this dressed , luckily , I 've brought their clothes to change .
This is the first shift in clothes on a TED stage , so you 're very lucky to <unk> , I think .
If some of the women were horrified when I came up , they do n't have to do it right now , but I 'll figure out later on Twitter .
I also want to point out that I have the privilege of being able to change what 's just about 10 seconds .
Not everybody has that opportunity .
These heels are very uncomfortable ; less bad I do n't have to use them .
The worst part is to get this sweater down the head , because it 's when you 're going to laugh at me , so do n't do anything while you cover my head .
All right .
Why did I do this ?
It 's been embarrassing .
Well , I hope not as much like this picture .
The appearance of it is powerful , but also shallow .
I 've totally changed what they thought about six seconds .
And in this picture , I had never had a boyfriend in the real life .
And the photographer was totally uncomfortable , and the photographer told me that I would go back and get the hair of the kid .
Of course , except with surgery , or an artificial tan like that I made me two days ago for work , there 's very little that we can do to transform our appearance , which , although shallow and unchanging , has a huge impact on our lives .
So today , to me , to be courageous , means to be honest .
I 'm on this stage because I 'm a model .
Because I 'm a nice , white woman , and in my workforce , that 's a sexy girl .
I 'm going to answer the questions that people always do , but I do n't really know .
The first question is , how do you get to be a model ?
And I always say , `` An <unk> discovered me , but that does n't mean anything .
The real reason I made a model is because I won the genetic lottery , and I 'm the luxury of a heritage , and maybe you 're wondering what this heritage is .
Well , in the last couple of centuries , we have not only defined beauty as health , youth and symmetry , which we are biologically programmed to admire , we 've also associated with a high and <unk> figure , to womanhood and a white skin .
And that 's my heritage , heritage that I 've known to leverage money .
And I know there are people in the audience who are now <unk> , and maybe there are some <unk> lovers say -- `` Wait . There are Naomi , <unk> , Joan <unk> , Liu Wen . ''
First of all , we 'll be able to get them from knowing so much of models . It 's amazing .
But unfortunately , I have to report that in 2007 , a Ph.D. student from the University of New York I told each other and every single models on the runway , and the <unk> models , just 27 , is to say less than four percent , not white .
The next question that people always do is , can it be a model when it 's bigger ?
And my first answer is : I do n't know , I 'm not commission .
But then , what I would tell each of these girls is : Why ? You can be whatever you want .
You can be president of the United States , or the inventor of the next Internet , or a <unk> surgeon , or a poet , which would be awesome , because you were the first one .
If after this spectacular list , they still insist , no , no , I want to be a model , then I say , `` I know my boss . ''
Because I 'm not in charge of anything , and you could be the head of Cambridge <unk> magazine or the executive director & M , or the next Steven <unk> .
To say that you want to be a model , it 's like saying you want to win the lottery when you 're older .
It 's out of your control , it 's amazing , and it 's not a job that you can choose .
I 'm going to show you all that I learned in 10 years as a model , because , unlike <unk> surgery , it can be summarized right now .
I do n't know what happened there .
Unfortunately , once you 've done your studies , and you have a curriculum and some jobs on your backs , no matter what you say , if you said you would want to be president of the United States , but your copy would say , `` Model <unk> for 10 years , people would look weird to you .
The next question that people always do is if all the photos would be wasted .
And I know , you know , virtually all the photos , but that 's just a small part of what happens .
This was the first picture they took me , and also the first time I used a bikini , and I did n't even have my period .
I know we 're entering the personal field , but it was a girl .
This is how he looked at my grandmother a few months before .
These two pictures are the same day .
My friend came with me .
Here I am at a pajamas party a few days before the photos for French <unk> .
Here I am with my soccer team and on the V magazine .
And this is me today .
And I hope you realize that I 'm not me in those pictures .
They are creations of a group of professionals , <unk> , <unk> , photographers and <unk> , and all of their <unk> and <unk> people , and they get to create this . That 's not me .
Well , the next question that people always do is : Do you get free things ?
I 've got too much a two-inch heel and I 'm never using , except for the previous couple , but the privilege I get is the ones I get in real life , and we do n't like to speak .
I grew up in Cambridge , and once I went to a tent , and I forgot to take money , and they gave me the free dress .
When I was a teenager , I was traveling with my friend who was a very bad driver ; he jumped out of a red light and , of course , stood up , and it took a sorry , agent in order to keep driving .
I love my privilege for me , not because of what I am , and there are people who are paying for a price for what it looks like no matter who they are .
I live in New York City , and last year , from <unk> teenagers who were stopped and recorded , 86 percent were black and Latino , and most of them were young men .
And there 's only <unk> black and Latino men in New York City , so for them , it 's not a question of <unk> ?
But how many times do I stand up ? And when ?
When I did research for this talk , I learned that at 53 percent of the age of 13 , in the United States do n't like their body , and that figure rises to 17 percent .
So , the last question that people ask me is : What is the life of a model ?
And I think the answer to you expect is : If you 're a little thinner , and you have the brightest hair , and you 'll feel very happy and great .
And behind the cameras , we give an answer that maybe it looks like this .
We say , it 's really wonderful to travel , and also amazing to be able to work with creative , resourceful , passionate .
And that 's true , but it 's just a part of what happens , because what we never say before the cameras in front of the cameras , which I never said in front of them , is : I 'm insecure .
And I 'm because I have to worry about my appearance every day .
And if you 've ever asked , with some more thin legs and the brighter hair , will be happier ?
They only have to come together with a group of models , because they have the thinner legs , the brightest hair and the clothing more to fashion , but probably the women 's more insecure women on the planet .
But especially it was hard to look at a situation of racial and gender oppression when I am one of the biggest <unk> .
If there is something that retain from this talk , I hope that everyone is more comfortable by recognizing the power of the image of the image that we have of success and failure .
Thank you .
The photograph has been my passion since I was getting older enough to attach a camera , but I want to share with you my 15 more precious pictures , and I did n't go and get it out .
There was no artistic directors , no <unk> , no opportunity to repeat the photos , not even a minimum care in the lighting .
In fact , most of them are taken tourists at random .
My story begins when , <unk> in the city of New York to give a lecture , my wife pulled me this picture holding my daughter on his first birthday . That 's the corner of 57 and five .
He was chance we went back to New York just a year later , so we decided to take the same picture .
Well , you can already imagine what comes now .
When my daughter was approaching my daughter 's third birthday , my wife said to me , `` Why do n't you take up to New York on a <unk> journey and follow the ritual ? ''
This is when we started asking for the tourists that were going to take us into the picture .
It 's amazing that the gesture of delivering the camera to a complete stranger is so universal .
No one 's ever denied that , and , fortunately , no one has ever done with the camera .
So we were n't aware of how much of the life would change this journey .
It became sacred for us .
This picture is a few weeks after the <unk> , and I had to explain to my daughter what it had happened that day that a five year-old girl could understand it .
These pictures are much more than the representations of a concrete moment or a specific journey .
It 's also a way to stop in a week in October , and we think about our time and our evolution over the years , and not just physical level , but in all the senses .
Because , although we always take the same picture , our perspective changes , my daughter has a new <unk> , and I can see life through his eyes and how it interacts with everything .
That particular time that we spend together is something that we expect with illusion all year .
Recently , on one of the trips , we were walking , when all of a sudden he stopped in my tracks and pointed out a red <unk> of the dolls store that I loved small in the previous visits .
And I described what I had felt about the five years of foot in that same place .
<unk> that he remembered his heart to be able to see that place for the first time nine years ago .
And now what you look at in New York is universities , because you 're determined to study in New York .
And I suddenly understood that one of the most important things we create is memories .
So I want to share the idea of being active in the conscious creation of memories .
I do n't know about you , but apart from these 15 pictures , I do n't go out in many of the familiar photos .
I 'm always the one that 's taking the picture .
Today , I want to encourage you all to come up in the picture , and you did n't get a little bit closer to somebody and ask them , `` Do you get a picture ? ''
Thank you .
I 'd like to tell you about a very special group of animals .
There are 10,000 species of birds in the world .
Terrorists are in the most threatened <unk> group .
First of all , why do they have so bad press ?
It 's also been associated with Disney laughs , as <unk> characters , stupid , stupid .
More recently , if you 've been following the press , you know laughter , applause and <unk> these are the attributes that they associate with Kenyan Parliament , but I do n't accept it .
I do n't accept it . You know why ?
Because the members of Parliament do n't have clean the environment . <unk> do n't help prevent the spread of disease .
They 're hardly monogamous . They 're far away from extinct , and , my favorite , sharks have a better presence . There are two types of vultures on this planet .
There are the commercializing of the New World 's New World , which are mostly in the Americas , like <unk> and <unk> , and the Old World revitalization , where we have 16 species , from these 16 , 11 people face high risk of extinction .
So why are vultures important ? First of all , they provide vital <unk> services .
They 're our gatherers of natural trash .
We 're going to get the dead bodies up to the bone .
They help kill all of the bacteria . They help absorb anthrax that of not being because of them , and causing huge loss of livestock and diseases in other animals .
Recent studies have shown that in areas where there is no reagents , the bodies take three to four times longer in <unk> , and this has huge ramifications of the spread of disease .
Terrorists also have enormous historical importance .
They 've been associated with ancient Egyptian culture .
It was the symbol of the protector and the maternity and , along with the king cobra , <unk> the unit between the <unk> and below Egypt .
In the Indian mythology , <unk> was the god <unk> , and he risked his life to save the <unk> goddess of the Tasmanian devil of 10 heads .
In <unk> culture , you 're doing very important for open sky , in places like Tibet , there is no place to bury the dead , or wood to <unk> , so these drones provide a natural disposal system .
What 's the problem with vultures ?
We have eight species of Zacaton in Kenya , which six are in extreme threatened extinction .
The reason is they 're being poisoned , and the reason they 're being poisoned is because there are conflicts between humans and wildlife , <unk> communities use this poison against predators , and as a consequence , Nike are victims of this .
In South Asia , in countries like India and Pakistan , four species of libertarians are at the critical list of extinction , which means that in less than 10 or 15 years , it 's going to be <unk> , because they fall down from the livestock consumption that has been treated with a <unk> drug like the <unk> .
This drug has been banned by veterinarian in India and have taken a position .
Since there is no ARVs , there 's been a spread in the number of dogs on living landfill , and when you have the street dogs , you have a huge amount of time to rage . The number of cases of anger has increased enormously in India .
Kenya 's going to have one of the biggest wind farms in Africa : <unk> <unk> are going to be the top of the lake Lake .
I 'm not against wind energy , but we have to work with governments , because wind turbines do this to birds . They do this to birds .
They 're <unk> of birds .
In West Africa , there is a horrible trade trade to serve the <unk> and the <unk> market .
So what 's being done ? Well , we 're looking at these birds . We are <unk> transmitters .
We 're trying to determine its basic ecology , and see where they go .
We can see that they travel from different countries , so focus on a local problem is not going to serve anything .
We need to work with governments in regional levels .
We 're working with local communities .
We 're talking to them about appreciating them about appreciating these wonderful creatures and services that they provide .
How can they help ? It can become active , making noise . You can write a letter to your government and tell you , we have to focus on these very <unk> creatures . They spend their time worth spreading the word .
When you get out of this room , you 're being told about vultures , but talk to their families , with their kids , with their neighbors on rationality .
They 're very elegant . Charles Darwin said he changed his opinion , because he saw him flying effortlessly , no energy expenditure in the heavens .
Kenya , this world , will be much more poor without these wonderful species .
Thank you very much .
Each thing I do professionally , my life -- has been molded molded by seven years of work in Africa , in Africa .
From 1971 to 1977 , I 'm a young man , but I 'm not . I worked in Zambia , Kenya , Coast of Ivory Coast , Algeria and Somalia , and projects of technical cooperation .
I worked for an Italian NGO , and every project that we set up in Africa failed .
And I was disturbed .
I thought , at the 21st , that Italians were good people , and we were doing a good job in Africa .
Instead , all we had , all we had .
Our first project , which inspired my first book , `` <unk> of <unk> , '' was a project where a bunch of Italians decided to teach people from Zambia to grow food .
So we came up with Italian seeds in southern Zambia to this absolutely magnificent valley that goes down to the <unk> River , and we teach local tomatoes Italian and <unk> tomatoes and ...
Of course , people were n't at all interested in doing that , so they 're going to give them to come to work , and sometimes they did n't come , and we were amazed that the local people , in such fertile valley , had no own agriculture .
However , instead of asking you how it was possible that we could n't get anything , we just said , `` Thank God we are here . '' `` Just at time to save people from Left Behind . ''
And of course , everything in Africa were grown beautifully .
We got these magnificent tomatoes . In Italy , a tomato would grow this size . In Zambia , this size .
And we could n't believe it , we were telling them to say , `` Look how easy agriculture is . ''
When the tomatoes were nice , mature and red , overnight , a 200 <unk> appeared from the river and ate everything , and we said , `` Oh my God , the <unk> ! ''
And the <unk> said , `` Yeah , so we do n't have agriculture here . '' `` Why did n't they say it ? ''
I thought we were only willing to make mistakes in Africa , but then , I saw what Americans did in Africa , but then , I saw what the Americans were doing , and after seeing what they were doing , I felt pretty proud of our project in Zambia .
Because , as you can see , at least we feed <unk> .
You 're looking at the waste -- you see the waste -- you see the waste that you gave them to <unk> people in Africa .
He wants to read a book , I read `` <unk> '' to <unk> <unk> , <unk> economist .
The book was published in 2009 .
We , Western donors , we 've delivered the African continent two million dollars in the last 50 years .
I 'm not going to tell you about harm that money has caused .
You just read your book .
It 's part of an African woman , the damage we 've done .
The Westerners are imperialists , the missionaries 's missionaries , and we treat people just in two ways , or we 're testing them , or we 're <unk> .
The two words come from the Latin American root , which means `` father . ''
However , they mean two different things .
<unk> , I deal with any of a different culture , like my kids were . `` I want you a lot . ''
<unk> , I treat all of the culture of a different culture , like my quarters .
So the white people in Africa are called `` <unk> , '' chief .
That book gave me a slap in the face , `` The small thing is beautiful , '' written by <unk> , who said for all economic development , if people do n't want to be helped , <unk> alone .
This should be the first principle of help .
The first principle of aid is respect .
This morning , the gentleman opened this conference on the floor and said , `` Can you -- you can -- you can imagine a city that 's not <unk> ? ''
I decided to answer people , and I invented a system called <unk> <unk> where you never start anything , you 're ever going to be anything , but it becomes a guy from the local passion , the guy from the local who have the dream of becoming a better person .
So , what does you do ? It 's <unk> .
You can never get a community with an idea , and you sit with the people in the locality .
We do n't work from offices .
We sat in coffee . We sat down in a bar .
We have zero infrastructure .
And what do we do ? We become friends , and we found out what the person wants to do .
The most important thing is passion .
You can give someone an idea to someone .
If that person does n't want to do that , what 's you going to do ?
The passion that she has for its own growth is the most important thing .
The passion that man has for its own personal growth is the most important thing .
And then we helped them find the knowledge because no one in the world can succeed alone .
The person with the idea may not have the knowledge , but knowledge is available .
So years ago , I had this idea : Why not us , for once instead of getting to a community to tell people what to do , why not , for once , we heard them ? But not in community meetings .
Let me tell you a secret .
There 's a problem with community meetings .
The entrepreneurs ever access , and they will never tell you , in a public meeting , what they want to do with their own money , which opportunity has identified .
So , planning has this blind point .
The smartest people in their community , you do n't even know them , because they do n't attend to their public meetings .
What do we do ? We work with one , and we work face-to-face , you have to create a social infrastructure , which does n't exist .
You have to create a new profession .
The profession is the family member of the company , the family doctor of the business , which is established with you in his house , at the coffee table , in the coffee table , in the coffee table , and it helps him find the resources to transform their passion in a way of living .
I started this as a test in <unk> , Western Australia .
I was doing a Ph.D. in that time , trying to get away from this condescending junk that we found to tell you what to do .
In a year , I had 27 projects going , and the government came to me to watch , `` How can you do that ?
How can it do that ? '' And I said , `` I did something very , very , very hard .
So I shut them up and listened to them . '' So , the government says , `` Do it again . '' We 've done it in 300 communities in the world .
We 've helped 40,000 businesses .
There is a new generation of entrepreneurs who are dying of loneliness .
Peter <unk> , one of the greatest business advisers in history , passed away to '96 , a few years ago .
And Peter <unk> was a philosophy of philosophy before they got involved in business , and this is what Peter <unk> : `` planning is actually incompatible with a society and an innovative business economy . ''
<unk> is the kiss of the death of the corporate spirit .
So now we <unk> Christchurch in knowing what the most <unk> people in Christchurch want to do with their own money and their own energy .
You have to learn how to get these people to come close to you with you .
You have to offer them for them , privacy , it 's got to be fantastic when you can help them , and then they 're going to be <unk> , they will come in mass .
In a community of 10,000 people , we got 200 clients .
Can you imagine a community of 400,000 people , intelligence and passion ?
What do you show more this morning ?
That 's what you 've been passionate about . That 's what you have .
So what I 'm telling you is that entrepreneurship is where it is .
We are at the end of the first industrial revolution , <unk> fossils , not renewables , manufacturing -- and one moment to another , we have systems that are not sustainable .
The internal combustion engine is not sustainable .
<unk> as a way to sustain machinery is not sustainable .
What we have to consider , is how we fix , we cure , we train , we 're going to move , communicate to seven billion people , in a sustainable way .
There are no technologies to do it .
Who 's going to invent the technology for the green revolution ? Universities ? Forget it !
Government ? Forget it !
They will be the entrepreneurs and they 're doing it now .
There 's an adorable story that read in a futuristic magazine many , many years ago .
There was a group of experts who were invited to debate the future of New York City in the year <unk> .
And in the year 1860 , he got together this group of people , and <unk> about what would happen to the city of New York in 100 years , and the conclusion was <unk> : the New York City city would n't exist in 100 years .
Why ? Because they looked at the curve and they pointed out , if the population is going to be growing at this rate , to bring up the population of New York around it , we would take six million horses , and the manure produced by six million horses would be impossible to deal with .
They were already <unk> in dung . So , in 1860 , they were doing this dirty technology that <unk> New York 's life .
So what happens ? Over the next 40 years , in 1900 , in the United States , <unk> companies , <unk> companies .
The idea of finding a different technology was absolutely absorbed and there were very few , <unk> , factories in <unk> places .
Dearborn , Michigan Ford .
However , there is a secret to work with entrepreneurs .
First , you have to offer them up .
Otherwise , they 're not going to talk to you with you .
Then you have to offer absolute , dedicated <unk> .
And then , later , you 're going to have to tell you about the truth with it .
The smallest company , the largest company , has to be able to do three cool things : the product you want to sell has to be fantastic , you have to have a fantastic marketing , and you have to have a great financial administration .
You know what ?
We 've never met a single human being in the world that I can do , to sell and look for money alone .
There does n't exist .
This has not been born .
We 've looked at it and looked at the 100 icons of the Carnegie , architects , Edison , Ford , all new companies , Google , Yahoo .
There 's just one thing that all of the successful companies in the world have in common , only one : None of them started by one person .
Never the word `` me , '' but the word `` us '' , 32 times .
He was n't just when he started .
Nobody begins a company alone . Nobody .
So , we can create the community where we have facilitators , who come from a small business environment , in bars , in bars , with their dedicated business who will do for you , what someone did for this gentleman who is talking about this epic epic , someone who will ask you , what do you need ?
What can you do ? Can you do it ?
OK , can you sell it ? Can you look for money ? ''
`` Oh , no , I ca n't do that . ''
We activate communities .
Thank you .
Those of us who can help us in many ways to improve our lives .
We do n't know all the neighbors , so we do n't swap the knowledge in spite of sharing the same public spaces .
In the last few years , I 've been trying to share more with my neighbors in the public space , with simple tools like <unk> and templates for chalk .
These projects came from questions like , how much do my neighbors pay for their apartment ?
How can we afford to borrow more things without calling the door in a bad moment ?
How do we share more memories of our abandoned buildings and understand our landscape better ?
How do you share our hopes more than cows for cows so that our communities can reflect our needs today and dreams ?
I live in New Orleans , and I 'm in love with New Orleans .
My soul always finds relief with the giant <unk> that give shadow to <unk> <unk> <unk> and <unk> for centuries and I trust a city .
It 's always day to accommodate music . There 's a parade in New Orleans , the city has one of the most beautiful architectures in the world , but also one with the largest number of American American properties .
I live close to this house , and I thought how it could turn it into a more nice space for the neighborhood , and also in something that changed my life forever .
In 2009 , I lost somebody who loved a lot .
He was Joan , as a mother for me .
His death was sudden and unexpected .
I thought a lot about death .
And this produced a deep gratitude for the lived time and so forth .
It gave the significant things in my current life .
But I 'm willing to keep this look in my everyday life .
It seems to me that it 's easy to get up to catch the day and forget the really important thing for you .
So with the help of old and new friends transformed the wall of this left house on a giant chalkboard , and he painted on it , and he did the phrases before I want ...
So Greeks could take some chalk , and reflect on their lives and share personal aspirations in public space .
I did n't know what to expect from this experiment , but the next day the wall was filled with , and I was still dancing .
And I 'd like to share some things that people wrote on the wall .
`` Before I die , I want to be judged on piracy , '' `` Before I die , I want to sit down to <unk> at the date of date . ''
`` Before I die , I want to sing for millions of people . ''
`` Before I die , I want to plant a tree . ''
`` Before I die , I want to live outside the Web . ''
`` Before I die , I want to get more again . ''
`` Before I die , I want to go to somebody 's rescue . ''
`` Before I die , I want to be completely myself . ''
This abandoned space became constructive and the dreams and the hopes of people made me laugh to laughter , and I got to me , and they gave me comfort in difficult times .
It 's about knowing that you 're not alone . It 's about understanding our neighbors in new ways and <unk> . It 's about giving you the reflection and contemplation , and to remember what is the most important thing to us as we grow and change .
This happened last year , and I started getting hundreds of messages of <unk> people who wanted to make a wall in their community .
So my colleagues at the center of the civic center we made a kit , and now they 've made walls in countries around the world , like Kazakhstan , South Africa , Australia , Argentina and beyond .
And together we showed the power of our public spaces if we give us the opportunity to express ourselves and share each other .
Two of the most valuable things we have are the time and our relationships with other people .
In our era of distractions in increasing , it 's more important than ever , to find ways to maintain perspective and remember that life is very short and delicate .
Death is something that we often avoid talking about , or even thinking , but I understood that prepare for death is one of those things that became more power .
So when you think about death , we 're going to think of our life .
Our shared spaces can reflect better what we care as individuals and as a community and with more means to share hopes , fears and stories , the people around us can not only help improve places , can help improve our lives .
Thank you .
Thank you .
I have a single request .
Please do n't tell me I 'm normal .
Now I 'd like to introduce you to my siblings .
<unk> is 22 years old , and it 's very handsome .
No speech , but transmits joy than some of the best speakers .
<unk> knows what love is .
It unconditionally shares what happens .
It 's not <unk> . You do n't look at the color of the skin .
It does n't care about religious differences , and think of this : he never lied .
When she singing our childhood songs , trying to speak the words that I could n't even remember , it reminds me of one thing : how little we know about the mind and how wonderful it must be the unknown .
Samuel is 16 years old . It 's high . It 's very handsome .
It has the most beautiful memory .
However , it 's a selective memory .
It does n't remember if I was stealing my <unk> , but remember the year when I came out of my iPod songs , the conversations that we kept when I was four years old , <unk> in my arm for the first episode of the <unk> and the Lady Gaga birthday .
Does n't it be amazing ?
But most people do n't agree .
And in fact , because their minds do n't fit the concept of normal society in society , they are often ignored and <unk> .
But what propelled my heart and <unk> my soul was that even if that was the case , even though you would not consider them inside the ordinary , that could only mean one thing : that they were extraordinary -- autistic and extraordinary .
Now , for those less familiar with the term autism , it 's a complex brain disorder that affects social communication , learning and sometimes physical skills .
In each individual , it manifests itself in a different way , from there that would be so different to Sam .
And all over the world , every 20 minutes , is diagnosed with a new case of autism , and although it 's one of the development disorder that gets faster in the world , there is no cause , no known cure .
I do n't know my first encounter with autism , but I do n't remember one day without him .
I was only three years old when my brother came to the world , and I was very excited to have a new self in my life .
When I spent a few months ago , I realized that he was different .
Let 's get a lot of them .
I did n't want to play like the other babies , and in fact , I did n't seem very interested in myself at all .
She lived alive and turned into his own world , with his own rules , and he finds pleasure in the smallest things , like putting the cars in row around the room , looking at the washing machine and eat anything that would be in between .
As I was growing up , it became more different , and the differences became apparent .
But beyond <unk> , frustration and hyperactivity , there was something unique : a pure , innocent nature , a child who saw the world without prejudice , a human being that I never lied .
Extraordinary .
I ca n't deny that there have been some difficult moments in my family , moments where I wish they were just like me .
But I look back to the things that have taught me about individuality , communication and love , and I realize that they are things that would n't want to change by normal .
Now , normal is going to be the beauty that gives us the differences , and the fact of being different does n't mean that any one is wrong .
It just means there 's a different view of what 's right .
If I could reach one thing to go and go , one thing would be that you do n't have to be normal .
They can be extraordinary .
Because , autistic or no , the differences we have -- they 're a gift ! Every one of us has a gift inside and honestly , the search for normal is the last sacrifice of potential .
The opportunity for greatness , progress and change dies at the time when we 're trying to be the others .
Please -- do n't tell me I 'm normal .
Thank you .
Five years ago , I experienced a little bit about what must have been Alice in the Country of granted .
Penn State asked me , a communications teacher , to give a kind of communication student to engineering students .
She was scared . He was really afraid of these students with his great minds , his great books and his large , unknown words .
But when you develop those conversations , I felt what Alice had felt , when I fell through the rabbit hole and saw the door of a new world .
So I sat down when I had those conversations with the students , and I was surprised with the ideas they had , and I wanted others to experience this wonderful world .
And I think the key to opening that door is a great communication .
We desperately need a great communication of our scientists and engineers in order to change the world .
Our scientists and engineers are the ones who are attacking our biggest challenges and energy care , among others , and if we do n't know we do n't understand this , work is not done , and I think it 's our responsibility as not scientists as scientists to have these interactions .
But these big conversations can not happen if our scientists and engineers are not invited to see their wonderful world .
So scientists and engineers , please <unk> them .
I want to share some suggestions about how they can do it to make sure that their science is sexy and their engineering is sexy .
First question for <unk> : and then what ?
Let 's figure out why science is relevant to us .
Do n't tell us just that they study the <unk> , but they study the <unk> , which are the mesh structure of our bones , because it 's important to understand and treat osteoporosis .
And when you 're describing their science , care with the lingo .
The lingo is an obstacle to our understanding of their ideas .
Sure , can you say `` spatial and temporary , '' but why do n't you say `` space and time '' which is much more accessible to us ?
<unk> accessible is not the same as a stupid thing .
Instead , as Einstein said , it 's as simple as possible , but not simple .
They can also communicate their science without engaging ideas .
One thing to consider is to use examples , stories and analogies , and they 're kind of going to be turned into their content .
And by presenting their work , forget the word signs .
You 've been wondering why they 're called `` bullets '' ? What do the bullets kill , and they 're going to kill your presentation .
An <unk> like this is not just boring , but it 's a way that is too much in the area of our brain language and drives us .
Instead , this example of <unk> Brown is much more effective . It shows that the special structure of <unk> is so strong that they really inspired the only design of the Eiffel Tower .
The trick here is to use a simple , legible sentence , that the audience can understand if you lose a little bit , and then you will provide graphs that we would take our other senses and create a deeper sense of understanding what it 's described .
I think these are just some key ones that can help each other open to the door and see the country of the wonders that is science and engineering .
And so , scientists and engineers , when you 've solved this equation , for all the media , <unk> with <unk> . Thank you .
One of my favorite words from all the Oxford English Dictionary is `` <unk> . ''
Just because it sounds great .
And `` <unk> '' means `` politician . ''
Although there was a journalism in the 19th century that defined it a lot better when he said , `` A <unk> ' is that he searches a public charge no matter party , or a principle , and that , when wins , he gets the use of the use of a monumental <unk> monumental . ''
I have no idea what it means `` <unk> . ''
Something to do with the words , I guess .
It 's very important that words are the basis in politics , and that all politicians know they have to try to master language .
It was n't until , for example , <unk> that the British Parliament allowed the newspapers to quote the exact words exact were told in the parliamentary chamber .
And all of this was because of the courage of a guy with the rare name of <unk> <unk> , who was faced with Parliament .
She got him in the Tower of London , and she was incarcerated , but he had enough courage to deal with them , and in the end he had such a popular support in London he won .
And only a few years later , we had the first use of the phrase , `` You know , we had the first use of the <unk> <unk> .
Most people think it 's literal .
It 's not . It 's because of a freedom of expression .
But to actually show you how words and politics interact , I want you to go back to America , right after independence .
So they had to address the question of how to call George Washington , his leader .
They did n't know it .
How do you call the leader of a Republican country ?
This was debated in Congress for a long time .
It was presented all kinds of suggestions that you could have <unk> .
Some people wanted to call it `` Chief of State , '' and others , `` Your <unk> George Washington , '' and other <unk> from the U.S. People in the United States . ''
Not very appealing .
Some people just wanted to call it `` King . ''
They thought it was proven quality .
And even with it , they were <unk> , they had the idea that you could be elected King for a certain deadline .
And I could have served .
The whole world has got immensely , because this debate was going on for three weeks .
I read a daily Senator every day , and I always wrote , `` still with this issue . ''
What caused the delay and <unk> was that the House of Representatives was in the Senate .
The House of Representatives did n't want us to be able to be able to get power .
They did n't want to call it King , so he gave him to him or his successor .
So they wanted to give him the most modest degree , more insignificant and more pathetic than you came up with .
And that title was `` President . ''
President . They did n't invent the title . It 's already done before , but it only meant `` someone who would take a meeting . ''
It was like the president of a jury .
And I did n't have much more <unk> than the `` foreman '' or <unk> .
There were <unk> chairs of small colonial <unk> and fractions , but it was really a insignificant title .
And that 's why the Senate is placed .
They said , `` It 's ridiculous , we ca n't call it President . ''
`` This guy has to sign treaties and together with foreign <unk> . ''
`` And who would take seriously with such ridiculous as ridiculous and insignificant as President of America ? ''
And finally , after three weeks of debate , the Senate did n't give out .
We can learn three interesting things about all this .
First of all , and this is my favorite , until I 've been able to figure out , the Senate has never been considered for the title of the President .
President Barack Obama is lucky to go there , hoping that the Senate between action .
The second thing we can learn is that when a government says that a measure is temporary -- it 's possible to keep waiting for <unk> .
But the third thing that we can learn , and this is the most important thing , and what I want to leave you with is that the name of President 's President does n't sound so modest today , right ?
Especially if you have more than 5,000 nuclear warheads available to you , the world 's largest economy and a fleet of flying flying , and so on .
The reality and the story has endowed with the title of <unk> .
So at the end , I won the Senate .
They got their title of <unk> .
And also the other concern in the Senate , the appearance of uniqueness , well , it was a uniqueness by then .
But do you know how many nations they have now president ?
And everything because they want to sound like the guy who has the 5,000 nuclear warheads , etc .
So at the end , the Senate won and the House of Representatives lost , because no one 's going to feel humble when you tell them that they are now the President of the <unk> .
And I think that 's the big lesson that we can learn , and what I 'd like to leave you with .
Politicians are trying to choose and use words to shape and control reality , but actually , reality changes a lot more the words than these might change the reality .
Thank you very much .
I 'm 45 feet underground in an illegal mine in Ghana .
The air is loaded with heat and dust , and it 's hard to breathe .
I feel the touch of bodies in the dark , but I ca n't see much more .
I hear voices that speak , but mostly that cacophony of male <unk> and <unk> stones with primitive tools .
Like each other , I 've got a cheap light lamp , put it into the head with this <unk> rubber , and I can hardly see the <unk> branches that hold the walls of that hole falling down to hundreds of feet on the ground .
I stood up with my hand , and suddenly I remember a miner that I met before , who lost his control and fell in that well .
While I talk to you today , these men are deep at that hole in the depths of that hole without paying reward , and often dying .
I went out of that hole and went home , but they might never do it , because they 're prey to slavery .
In the last 28 years , I was documenting native cultures in more than 70 countries in six continents , and in 2009 , and in 2009 , I had the great honor of being the only shot at the Peace Peace Institute .
Among all the incredible people I met there , I met an outsider , an NGO that is dedicated to modern slavery .
We started talking about slavery , and , really , I started learning about slavery because I knew that there was in the world but not such a degree .
When we finished talking to me , I felt really bad -- I was honestly embarrassed to ignore this fabulous thing of our days and I thought , if I do n't know , how many people do n't know ?
He got a knot , and weeks later , I flew to Los Angeles to meet the director of the <unk> and offer my help .
It started my journey to modern slavery .
Interestingly , it had been in many of these sites .
Some , even as I considered my second home .
But this time , I 'm going to <unk> dirty rags .
A conservative calculation is that there 's now more than 27 million people <unk> in the world .
It 's twice as much of the amount of Africans displaced throughout the entire human trafficking .
150 years ago , 150 years ago , the cost of a farmer 's salary was about three times the annual salary of a worker 's salary .
The equivalent of about $ 50,000 today .
However , today , you can enslave entire families by generations for debt dollars for debt .
Surprisingly , slavery generates profits from over a $ 13 billion dollars a year across the world .
Many have been <unk> with false <unk> for good education and better work to find that they are forced to work without paying , under threat of violence and ca n't escape .
Today , slavery operates in trade : goods produced by slaves have value , but those who produce them are disposable ones .
<unk> exists in almost everybody , and yet it 's illegal around the world .
In India and Nepal , I met the brick furnaces .
This bizarre , goofy show was like going into the old Egypt or a hell of Dante .
<unk> in a temperature of 54 C , men , women , in fact , in fact , entire families wrapped in a heavy cloak of <unk> building bricks in their heads , up to 18 at the same time , and take them from hot blast furnaces .
<unk> for monotony and tiredness work in silence , doing this task over and over again for 16 17 hours a day .
There was no pause to eat , not to drink , and the <unk> <unk> would make even a lot of inconsequential .
So <unk> was the heat and the dust that my camera turned too hot and stopped working .
Every 20 minutes , I had to run the car to clean up the team and make it work with air conditioning to <unk> and , sitting there , I thought , my camera gets a lot better treatment than these people .
Back in the furnaces I wanted to cry , but the <unk> that was next to me quickly grabbed me and said , `` Lisa , do n't do it . Do n't do it here . ''
And it explained to me so clearly that demonstrating emotions is very dangerous in places like this , not just for me , but for them .
I could n't offer them any direct help .
I could n't give them money , nothing .
I was n't a citizen of that country .
It could put them into a worse situation that they were already .
I had to rely on <unk> the <unk> and work inside the system for his release and he trusted that he would flourish .
In terms of me , I waited to get home to feel my heart destroyed .
In the Himalayas , he found kids carrying stones for miles through mountain land to trucks that they were waiting at the bottom .
Those big crashes were heavier than they were carried out and the kids hold them into their heads with straps and they made out of sticks , strings and rags .
It 's hard to witness something so overwhelming .
How can we influence something so insidious and ubiquitous ?
Some of them do n't even know they 're slaves -- and they work 16 17 hours a day , because this has been all their life .
They have nothing about what to compare .
When these villagers <unk> their freedom , the <unk> burned entirely .
By hearing the word slavery often we thought about sexual traffic and because of this global consciousness , they warned me that it would be difficult for me to work with security in this particular business .
In Kathmandu , I was <unk> women who had been previously made of sex .
I was running on the stairs <unk> that gave this dirty basement , <unk> light .
It was n't exactly a brothel .
It was rather a restaurant .
<unk> , as you know in the craft , are local for forced prostitution .
They have small rooms , private , where the slaves who 's trained with their girls and children , some of the only seven years -- are forced to entertain the clients and they 're forced to buy more food and alcohol .
Each of them is dark and dirty , identified by a number painted on the wall and divided by a <unk> and a curtain .
The workers often suffer sexual abuse for their clients .
From standing in the twilight zone , I remember feeling a hot fear fear , and at that moment , I could barely imagine what it must be caught in that hell .
It only had one output : the stairs where I came into .
There was no hind door .
There were no windows big enough to climb .
Those people do n't have a stutter and , because we touch a topic so hard , it 's important to point out that slavery , even sex traffic , happens to us .
There are hundreds of <unk> people in agriculture , in restaurants , in the domestic service , and the list can continue .
Recently , the New York Times reported that between 100,000 and 300,000 Americans are sold every year as sexual slaves .
It 's everywhere , but we do n't see it .
textiles are another activity that we often associate with slave labor .
I went to Indian villages where there was entire families <unk> in the trade of silk .
This is a family portrait .
The black hands of black is the father , the <unk> of blue and red .
<unk> <unk> in these big barrels , and decrease the silk in the liquid to the <unk> , but it 's regulated it 's toxic .
My performer told me his stories .
`` We have no freedom , '' they said .
`` We still hope , however , can be able to get out of this house someday and go to another place where we really pay to our job . ''
It 's estimated that there are over 4,000 kids enslaved in Lake Volta , the largest artificial lake in the world .
When we came up , I went to take a quick look .
I saw what seemed to be a fishermen 's family on a ship , two older brothers , some younger kids , make sense of it ?
Wrong . They were all slaves .
The kids are separated from their <unk> families , missing and forced to work together extensive and extensive <unk> on these boats in the lake , despite not knowing how to swim .
This boy is eight years old .
When our boat came over , I was shaking ; it 's topic that his little canoe was <unk> .
He was paralyzed by the fear of falling into the water .
The branches of the trees of the trees submerged in the trees , <unk> lake often trap networks and children , <unk> and fear , they get to the water to unleash the branches .
Many people drown .
It 's always been forced to work in the lake .
In fear of his love is not to run away , and as all of life has been treated with cruelty , <unk> about the youngest slaves under their command .
I met these guys at five o'clock in the morning , when they woke up the last networks , but they had been working on the past .
In the cold and windy night .
And it will point out that these networks weigh over 400 pounds when they 're packed with fish .
I want to introduce you to Kofi Kofi .
Kofi Kofi was rescued in a fishermen 's village .
I met him in a shelter where the <unk> <unk> <unk> of slavery .
Kofi Kofi symbolizes is possible .
Who will get to be because someone decided to make a difference in their life ?
<unk> a road in Ghana in Ghana with <unk> the <unk> , a fellow <unk> with his motorbike suddenly accelerated and <unk> our car and played the window .
He asked us to do it by a path of land to the forest .
At the end of the road , we 'd be able to get out of the car , and asked the driver that came out quickly .
Then he pointed out this path barely visible and said , `` This is the path , this is the path . Come on . ''
As we started to go down , we removed the <unk> that I took on the road , and after walking close to an hour , we found that the way I was going to find the way we were going to get the way in the recent rains , so I put the pictures of photos on my head as I used to go through these waters to the
After two hours of walk , the <unk> road ended up on a clear , and we had a mass of holes that I could fit into a football field , and they were all filled with workers .
A lot of women had kids tied to their backs , and they were looking for gold , they walked in the waters of mercury <unk> .
<unk> is used in the process of extraction .
These miners are enslaved in a manhole in another part of Ghana .
When they came out of the well , they were steeped in their own sweat .
I remember looking at his eyes tired , <unk> , because many had been underground for 72 hours .
The wells have got to 90 feet , and these people carry heavy stone bags that then will be transported to another area where we would hold the stone to be able to extract the gold .
On the first view , the site seems to be full of strong and <unk> men , but if you look closer , the margin is , we see some of the lucky ones and also children .
They 're all victims of injury , diseases and violence .
In fact , it 's very likely that this bully will end up as this victim of tuberculosis and resource poisoning over a few years .
This is <unk> . When his father died his uncle led him to work with him in the mines .
When he died , he inherited the debt of the uncle who will force it to be a slave in the mines .
When I met him , he 'd worked in the 14 years and the leg injury that you see here is a product of an accident in the mine , so severe that the doctors said it should be stolen .
In addition to that , <unk> has tuberculosis , and yet that 's forced to work at night and day in that mine .
Still , he 's dreaming of being liberated and educated by local activists like <unk> the <unk> , and it 's this kind of determination , a face to a remote possibility , which inspires me a lot of respect .
I want to shine light on slavery .
They knew that their images would be seen by you around the world .
I wanted you to know that we can make testimony of them and we 'll make everything possible to help change their lives .
I honestly believe that if we can see each other as human beings as human beings , then it 's very difficult to tolerate atrocities like slavery .
These images are not from magazines . They 're people , real people , like you , and like me , who deserve the same rights , dignity and respect in their lives .
There is no day that I do n't think about these beautiful beautiful people , battered , that I 've had the great honor to meet .
I hope that these images wake up a force in whom you see them , in people like you , and I hope that that force will turn into a fire and that fire <unk> light on slavery , because without that light , the beast of slavery can continue to live in the shadows .
Thank you very much .
I make this applied math , and there 's a peculiar problem for whom it does : we are like management consultants .
Nobody knows what the hell we do .
So I 'm going to try and try and explain to you what I do .
Dance is one of the most human activities .
We were <unk> the ballet <unk> and the dancers of <unk> that we 'll see later .
But the ballet demand an extraordinary degree of training , a high-level level of dexterity , and probably some initial strength that can well have a genetic component .
Unfortunately , neurological disorders like Parkinson 's disease , destroy this extraordinary skill , as it does with my friend <unk> <unk> , who , at his time , was a virtuous dancer dancing disorders .
Over the last few years , it 's been progress on treatment .
However , there are billions of people in the world who are sick , and they have to deal with an incurable weakness , tremor , stiffness and other symptoms of this disease , so we need objective tools to detect the disease before it 's too late .
We need to be able to measure the progress in an objective way , and ultimately the only way we 'll know if there 's really a cure to be when we have an objective metric and <unk> .
But it 's frustrating that for Parkinson 's and other disorders of the movement is not biological markers , so that 's why they do n't serve the blood analysis and the best thing we have is a neurological exam for 20 minutes .
You have to go to a clinic to do it . It 's very , very expensive , and that means that outside of the clinical trials , they never do .
And what if patients could do that at home ?
That would save a trip to the clinic , what if patients could do the test themselves ?
It would n't need personal .
By the way , it costs about 300 dollars in the neurological clinic .
So what I want to do to you as you do n't have a conventional form to try , and you see , in a sense , at least , we 're all virtuous , like my friend <unk> <unk> .
This is a video of vocal chords of vocal chords .
It shows someone healthy while it emits sounds when I speak , we can imagine as dancers of a ballet ballet , because we have to coordinate all of those vocal organs to produce sounds , and we all have the genes necessary .
And as the ballet , it requires an extraordinary level of training .
Let 's think about time that leads to a child learning to speak .
From the sound , we can track the position of the vocal chords as they are vibrate , and as well as Parkinson 's affects limbs , it also affects the vocal organs .
On the <unk> , you can see an example of the irregular strings of vocal chords .
We see the same symptoms .
shake vocal , weakness and stiffness .
The speech becomes more quiet and <unk> after a while , and this is an example of the symptoms .
How do you compare these tests based on the voice with specialized clinical trials ? Well , they 're both <unk> .
The neurological test is not non-invasive . They both use existing infrastructure .
You do n't need to design a whole series of hospitals to make them .
They 're both skillful . Okay , but in addition to voice tests , they 're not specialized .
I mean , they can be <unk> .
They do very quickly , they take about 30 seconds as a lot .
They 're very minimal , and we all know what happens .
When something becomes so low , it 's a massive scale .
These are some amazing lists to address .
We can reduce your patient 's faces .
You would n't need to go to the clinic for <unk> routine .
<unk> monitoring , we could get targets .
We could make massive <unk> application for clinical trials and , for the first time , available at a large scale .
We have the opportunity to start looking for the first biomarkers of the disease before it 's too late .
So , when I 'm going to give you the first steps in that sense , we 're launching the Parkinson 's <unk> Initiative .
Together and <unk> , we want to register a lot of voices around the world to collect enough data and start to tackle these goals .
We have local lines accessible to about 750 million people in the world .
Anyone , with or without Parkinson 's , can call the price for a few cents , and I 'm pleased to announce that we 've reached six percent of the goal only eight hours .
Thank you . Tom Rielly : So Max , taking all these samples of , say 10,000 people , can you say who 's healthy and who is n't ?
What will you take from these samples ?
Max Little : Yeah , yeah . What 's happening is that you have to indicate whether you have or not the disease -- TR : Sure .
<unk> : You see , some people may not pass it .
But we 're going to get a very large sample of data in different circumstances , and do it in different circumstances , because we 're looking for <unk> of the confusion factors in search of the actual markers of the disease .
TR : You have 86 percent accuracy right now ?
<unk> : A lot more than that .
In fact , my graduate student , I have to <unk> , has done a fantastic job , and now has shown that it works on the mobile phone network also , what we 're going to do is we have a 99 percent accuracy .
TR : Ninety and nine . Well , it 's an improvement .
<unk> : Of course .
TR : Thank you very much . Max Little , public .
<unk> : Thank you , Tom .
Before March from 2011 , I made <unk> <unk> in New York City .
We are <unk> , gray creatures .
We 're going to fall into the dark , in open-air rooms , and usually we avoid sunlight .
We do the thin <unk> models , the perfect skin , even more perfect we make the impossible , possible , and people criticize us in the press all the time , but some of us are really artists with talent to many years of experience and a true taste for images and photography .
On March 11 , 2011 , I saw from my home , just like the rest of the world , the tragic events that happened in Japan .
Shortly after , an organization where he was voluntary , there was <unk> <unk> , was in place working as part of the answer team .
I , along with hundreds of other volunteers , we knew we could n't sit at home , so I decided to join the group for three weeks .
On May 13 , I went to <unk> .
It 's a small of fishermen who were located in the <unk> <unk> of almost 50,000 people , one of the first people affected by the wave .
The water level has reached over 24 feet , and over three miles land inside .
As you can imagine , the people was devastated .
We got out the debris of channels and the triangle .
<unk> schools . We took the slime of the slime , and we leave the homes and we leave the homes to be <unk> and <unk> .
We took tons and tons of dead fish , smelly , rotten in the local factory .
We 're <unk> , and we loved it .
For weeks , both volunteers as the neighbors found similar things .
They found pictures and albums of photos and cameras and cards .
Everyone did the same thing .
<unk> and take them to different places of the villages around us to <unk> .
It was n't until then I realized that these pictures represented a huge part of the personal losses that people had suffered .
While fleeing the wave , and to save their lives , they had to leave absolutely everything they had .
At the end of my first week , I started to help in a living center of the village .
It helped to start cleaning the restrooms , huge <unk> .
This place turned out to be also the place of the town where the battlefield will pick up the photos .
There they were , and I had the honor of that day in me to clean up the photos .
This was exciting and inspiring , I had heard about the expression of the horizons , but it was n't until I went through my horizons that something happened .
By looking at the photos , I found some that had more than a hundred years old , they were still in the lab in the lab , I could n't help but think about how to fix that <unk> and repair that <unk> and knew hundreds of people who could do the same .
So that night I went on Facebook contacted some of them , and the next morning , the next answer was so overwhelming and positive , which I knew we had to try .
So we started tweaking the photos .
This was the first of all .
It was n't too hopeful , but where the water had gone through the face of the girl had to get to make a lot of precision , and it turns out .
Otherwise that little girl would n't look like it , and that would be as tragic as having the spoiled picture .
Over time , they came up with some more pictures , and they needed more <unk> , so I went into Facebook and LinkedIn and five days later 80 people who were offered to help .
After two weeks , I had 150 people trying to join .
In Japan , in July , we mobilized to <unk> , a neighbor town at the north of <unk> .
Once we use our scanner in the photographic libraries that had been set up , where people were going to reclaim their photos .
The time that took me in <unk> is a different story , it depended on the <unk> of the photos .
It could be an hour . It could make weeks .
It could have months .
This <unk> had to draw almost by hand using how the areas whose color and detail had not destroyed .
It took a long time .
The water destroyed all these photos submerged in salt water , covered with bacteria , with algae , even with oil , all over the time I go through my time , and that was an important part of the project .
We could n't tweak the picture unless it was clean , dry and would have been <unk> by his owner .
We had luck with the cleanliness of hand .
We tell the guide of an admirable neighbor .
It 's very easy to hurt even more the photos .
As <unk> said , the leader of my group is like making a tattoo .
You ca n't make mistakes .
The woman who brought these pictures had kind of kind of a relationship to the photos .
He had begun to <unk> herself , but he stopped by realizing that the hurt even more .
I also had <unk> .
Without them , the images of her husband and his own face would n't be able to reconstruct , we were able to visualize the images in a single photo , and tinker with the whole picture .
When I picked up their pictures , they shared some of his story with us .
A few colleagues from her husband found the photos in a fire station between the rubble , so far away from where they used to be their house , but their colleagues recognized it .
The day of the tsunami , her husband was the experimenter to close the barriers to the wave .
It had to go inside the water as the <unk> <unk> .
Their little kids , not so small now , but their two kids were at school , in different schools .
One of them was stuck in the water .
It took a week to find all his family and know that everyone had survived .
The day I gave her photos his youngest son was 14 years old .
For her , despite all of this , those pictures were the best gift I could do , something that he could remember about the past day that would remember the past day when everything in his life changed , or was destroyed .
After six months in Japan 1,100 volunteers had joined there hundreds of them helped us clean up of 10,000 photographs , the vast majority of them went back to the hands of their own owners .
Over 500 volunteers around the world helped us give back to 90 hundreds of <unk> pictures and <unk> .
During this time , we do n't really spend more than $ 1,000 in teams and materials , most in ink for printers .
We took pictures constantly .
A picture is a memory of someone or something , a place , a relationship , somebody else .
They 're <unk> from our memories and stories , the last thing we would take , but the first thing to go for .
This was what the project was about , to restore small pieces of humanity , to give someone their connection to the past .
When a picture like this is back to someone , it 's a huge difference in the life of the person who receives it .
This project also made a big difference in the life of <unk> .
Some of them connected to something bigger , to give them something , using their talent to something that 's not perfect skin models .
So I 'd just like to read this email . I 'd like to read this email .
While you were , I could n't avoid thinking about people and the stories shown in the images .
One particular woman , a photo with women of different ages from grandmother to the small girl , gathered around a baby , was moved by , because a similar picture of my family , my mother , me and my newborn daughter hanging out of our wall .
In the whole world , all of our basic needs are the same , right ?
Thank you .
Doc <unk> was inspired by awe and curiosity with this picture of a bullet that goes through an apple in a billionth of a billionth of a second .
But now , 50 years later , we can go a million times faster and see the world not a million or a billion , but a trillion frames per second .
I give you a new kind of photograph : the <unk> -- a new technique that can make videos in slow motion of light in motion .
And with that , we can create cameras that can look at the corners , beyond the line of vision , or see the inside of the body without using X-ray , and they challenge the idea of camera .
If I take a laser pointer , and I switch it into a <unk> or a second , in many <unk> , create a pack of photons from just a millimeter wide .
And that photons of photons , that bullet , travel at the speed of light , and , again , a million times faster than a common bullet .
If we take that bullet and this package of photons and shine in this bottle , how do these photons spread out into this bottle ?
What is the aspect of light in slow motion ?
Now , all of this -- remember that all this happens in less than a <unk> is what it takes to travel to travel .
But this video is 10 billion times slower , so you can see light in motion .
Coca-Cola <unk> this research . They are a lot of things in this film , and we 've got this information to show what 's going on .
The pulse , our bullet goes into the bottle with a pack of photons that starts to <unk> , and that , within , it starts <unk> .
Part of the light goes down to the table , and we started looking at these ripples .
Many of the photons finally come to the cover and then explode in various directions .
As you can see , there 's an air bubble that 's bouncing inside .
At that time , the waves travel along the table and because of the reflections of the top , you see at the bottom of the bottle , after several squares , that reflections are concentrated .
Now , if you take a common and current <unk> and make it going the same distance , and we see it in slow motion to about 10 billion times , how much do you think would take us to see that movie ?
One day ? A week ? Actually , it 's a whole year .
It would be a very boring film of a very boring bullet in motion .
And what about trying to try with dead nature ?
You can see the waves coming out of the table , the tomato and the wall of the background .
It 's like throwing a stone in a pond .
It 's the way that nature looks a picture , I thought , from a <unk> at the same time , but of course our eyes see an integral composition .
But if you look at this tomato , you 'll notice that , as the light takes over a tomato , it 's still bright . It does n't go dark .
Why ? Because the tomato is ripe and the light bounces into its interior and comes back after several <unk> .
In the future , when this <unk> is on your cell phones , they 're going to be able to go to the supermarket and check if fruit is grown without having to touch it .
So why do we create this camera at MIT ?
As the photographers , you know , if we take a <unk> picture , it goes into a lot of light .
But we 'll go to a billion times faster than the shortest exhibition , so I 'm just going to be some light .
We sent that bullet , that photons , millions of times , and we recorded over and over again with a very long synchronization , we took these gigabytes of data and <unk> <unk> to create those <unk> that I showed you .
We can take all of that raw data and add it in an interesting way .
Superman can fly .
Other heroes can become invisible .
And if a new power of a superhero future would allow him to see after corners ?
So the idea is that we could throw some light on the door , and let them go into the room , one part is going to reflect on the door , and from there to the camera .
Where we could extract those multiple <unk> of light .
It 's not science fiction . We 've already built it .
On the left , it 's our <unk> .
Behind the wall is a dummy , and you shine the light on the door .
It 's after the publication of our article in Nature .
And a fraction of the photons will go back to the camera , but interestingly enough , in slightly different moments .
And as we have a camera that works like that quickly , our <unk> , it has unique capacities .
It has very good temporary resolution , and it can look at the world at the speed of light .
So we know the distances to the door and also to the hidden objects , but we do n't know what point corresponds to how far .
When you project a laser project , you can record an gross picture , which , you see on the screen , really does n't make any sense .
But will we take a lot of images like this , tens of images , and we 're going to try and analyze the multiple <unk> of light , and with that , we 'll be able to see the hidden object ?
Can we see it in 3D ?
This is our reconstruction .
We have things to explore before we get this out of the lab , but in the future , we could make cars that avoid collisions with what 's going on the curve .
Or we could seek survivors in dangerous conditions looking at reflected light from open windows .
Or we could build <unk> capable of looking at the interior of the body through <unk> , and the same for <unk> .
But of course , because of the tissue and the blood , this is quite difficult , so this is actually an order to scientists to start thinking about <unk> as a new set of visualization to solve the problems of screening health care problems .
So , like Doc <unk> , he himself was a scientist , it became art in art , an art of <unk> photographs .
I realized that all of the gigabytes of data that we collect every time is not just scientific views , but we can be able to do that .
We create a new form of computational photography with slow motion and code code .
And let 's look at those waves . Remember , time between each one of those waves is just a few <unk> .
But here it also happens a lot of fun .
If you look at the waves below the cover , you get away from us .
The waves should move toward us .
What happens here ?
It turns out , as we 're recording almost at the speed of light , we have weird effects , and Einstein would have delighted to see this picture .
The order of events occur in the world sometimes is invested in front of the camera .
We took the corresponding warping of space and time , we can correct this distortion .
It 's time . Thank you .
Hi . This is my mobile phone .
A mobile can change life , and it gives you individual freedom .
With a mobile phone , you can <unk> a crime against humanity in Syria .
With a mobile phone , you can tweet a message and start a protest in Egypt .
With a mobile phone , you can record a song , you can get it into <unk> and be famous .
This is all possible with a cell phone .
I 'm a <unk> of 1984 and live in the city of Berlin .
Let 's go back to that moment , to this city .
Here you can see how hundreds of thousands of people were protesting a change .
This is the fall of 1989 . Imagine if all these people gathered together that would look for a change , they had a mobile phone in your pocket .
Who are you reading a mobile here ?
<unk> .
Raise your mobile phones , <unk> !
<unk> . An Android , a Blackberry , wow !
It 's a lot . Almost everyone today have a mobile phone .
But today to talk about me today , my mobile phone , and how I changed life .
I 'm going to talk about this .
These are 35 lines of information .
gross data .
Why is that information there ?
Because in the summer of 2006 , the Commission on the E.U . filed a directive .
It 's the <unk> of data <unk> .
This directive says that every European telephone company , every single European company , has to store a wide range of information from users .
Who calls up who . Who 's sent an email to who .
Who 's sent a text to who .
And if we use mobile , where we are .
All of this information is stored for at least six months , and to two years , in their phone company or his Internet provider .
And in all of Europe , people stood up and said , `` We do n't want this . ''
They said that they did n't want this retention of data .
We want the self-determination in the digital age , and we do n't want the telephone phone and the Internet providers , all this information about us .
There was lawyers , journalists , priests , everybody said , `` We do n't want this . ''
And here you can see about ten thousand people who went out to the streets in Berlin , and they said , `` Freedom , fear . ''
And some of them even said this would be <unk> 2.0 .
The <unk> was the secret fighters of East Germany .
And I also wondered if this works .
Can you store all this information about us ?
Any time using mobile ?
So I asked my phone , <unk> <unk> , which at that time was the largest telephone company in Germany , which I would tell you all the information they had about me .
I asked them once , and I got them back to ask , and I did n't get a concrete response . It was all blah , blah .
But then I said , `` I want to have this information because you are <unk> my life . ''
So I decided to give you a lawsuit a lawsuit because I wanted to have this information .
But <unk> <unk> said no , we 're not going to give you this information .
At the end , they would agree .
And they would take the demand and they would send me the information that I would ask .
Meanwhile , the German <unk> Court failed the <unk> for the German law of E.U .
So I got this ugly about brown with a CD in brown .
And on the CD , there was this .
Thirty and five thousand degrees of information .
I first saw it and I said , well , it 's a huge file . Okay .
But after a while I realized it 's my life .
There 's six months of my life on this file .
It was a bit skeptical , what should I do with that ?
Because you can see where I am , where I step the night , what I 'm doing .
But then I said , I want this information to go out .
I want to make it public .
Because I want to show people what the retention of data is .
So , along with <unk> Online and Open Data , we did this .
This is a six months of my life .
You can zoom in and go away , go backwards and forwards .
You can see every step I give .
And you can see how I 'm going to call it on a train to America , and what often I call the journey .
This is all possible with this information .
That 's a bit of fear .
But it 's not just about me .
It 's about all of us .
First , there are things like , I call my wife and she calls me , we talk a couple of times .
Then they call me some friends and they 're called each other .
And then you call the other one , and the other one , and we ended up with this big communications network .
You can see how their people communicate with each other to what time they call each other , what time they sleep .
You can see all of this .
You can see the centers , the leaders of the group .
If you have access to this information , you can see what society is doing .
If you have access to this information , you can control your society .
This is a model for countries like China and Iran .
This is a model to study the shape of your society , because you know who speaks to who , who , who , who , who , who , all this is possible if you have access to this information .
And this information is stored at least six months in Europe , and to two years .
As I said at the beginning , imagine if all these people in the streets in Berlin , in the fall of 1989 , they had a mobile phone in our pocket .
And the <unk> had known who was involved in this protest , and if he had known who was the leaders , this has never happened .
The fall of the Berlin Wall might never have happened .
And so , as a result , either the fall of the Iron Age .
Because today , state agencies and companies want to store as much information as possible inside and out of the web .
They want to have the possibility to follow our lives and they want to store them forever .
But self-determination and living in the digital age is not a contradiction .
But today you have to fight for self-determination .
You have to fight for that every day .
When you go home tell your friends that privacy is a 21st century value , and it 's not fashionable .
When you go home , tell them to their representative that only because companies and state agencies can store some information , they do n't have to do it .
And if you do n't believe me , ask your phone company , what information you store of you .
So in the future , every time you use their mobile phones to remind them , you have to fight for your self-determination in the digital age .
Thank you .
Hello TEDWomen , what happens ?
It 's not enough .
Hello TEDWomen , what happens ?
I call myself <unk> <unk> , and I 'm not <unk> , but I know the doctor who brought me the world .
<unk> my mom six times in six different directions , <unk> the poor of me in the process .
As a result , I have cerebral palsy , so I 'll do it all the time .
Look .
It 's exhausting . I 'm like a mixture of <unk> .
It 's in Muhammad Al .
It 's not genetic .
It 's not <unk> or it can not contract .
Nobody <unk> the uterus from my mother and not <unk> because my parents were brothers , but they are .
It 's just about accidents , like the one that happened to me at birth .
Now , I warn you , I 'm not a source of inspiration .
It 's wrong for me , because at some point in life , you wish to be disabled .
Let 's walk .
Christmas Christmas , they 're at the mall , drive in a parking circles and what you see ?
16 small empty places .
And you think , `` God , I can be at least a little bit disabled ? ''
In addition , I 'm telling you , I have 99 problems , and the P. C. C is just one of them .
If there was a <unk> of oppression , I would win the gold medal .
I 'm Palestinian , Muslim , woman , disabled and living in New Jersey .
If you do n't feel better , you might be able to do it .
I 'm from <unk> Park , in New Jersey .
I always loved my neighborhood and my disease had the same initials .
I also love that if I wanted to walk from my house to New York , I could .
Many people with cerebral palsy , they do n't walk , but my parents do n't believe in the `` ca n't . ''
The mantra of my father was , `` You can do it ; you can dance <unk> . ''
If my three older sisters <unk> , I cleaned up .
If my three older sisters went to public school , my parents went to the school system and <unk> that I was also , and if we did n't take all the ultimate note , we all took my mother 's <unk> .
My father taught me to walk the five years to put my heel on his feet and just walking .
Another tactic I used was to hang up a dollar in front of me so that you will .
The <unk> I carry in was very strong and ...
Yeah . The first day in kindergarten was walking as a boxing champion who has received a lot of hits .
Growing up , there was only six Arabs in my city , and they were all the family .
Now there are 20 Arabs , and they 're still all the family . I think no one realized that we were n't Italian .
This was before 9/11 , and that politicians would think appropriate to use `` hate to Muslims '' as they 're campaigning .
People who grew up with no problem with my faith .
However , it seemed like a lot of a hunger death long during the <unk> .
I told them that I had enough fat to live three months to eat , so at dawn at dusk at dusk is very easy .
I wrote on Broadway .
Yes , on Broadway . It 's crazy . My parents could n't afford the physical therapy , so they sent me to the dance school .
I learned to dance with a heel , or I can walk with a heel .
I 'm from New Jersey , and we want to be <unk> , so if my friends used a heel , I was also .
And when my friends were going to spend the summer holidays on the Jersey coast , I was n't going .
I was my summers in a war zone , because my parents worried that if we do n't go to Palestine all the summers , you 're going to be on Madonna .
On the summer holiday often my father was trying to <unk> , so I was drinking <unk> milk , they put me hot cups on my back , and I 'm standing in the Dead Sea , and I remember the water <unk> me and I thought , `` It works , it works ! ''
But the miracle cure was yoga .
I should say that it 's very boring , but before I did yoga was a stand-up comedian who could n't stand up .
And now I 'm going to hold on my head .
My parents <unk> this idea that I could do anything , that no dream was impossible , and my dream was to be on the General Hospital .
I went to college through positive discrimination , and I got a fellowship for the <unk> , the University of Arizona , because I walked in all the <unk> .
It was like the <unk> pet of the theater department .
Everyone loved me .
I did all the <unk> tasks , I took the top note in my classes , and also in his classes .
Every time I was doing a scene from the glass zoo of my <unk> teachers .
But I never got a paper .
Finally , in my last year , the <unk> decided to do a play called a very slow dance on Jackson .
It 's a work of a girl with cerebral palsy .
I was a girl with cerebral palsy .
So I started screaming at the four winds , `` The end will have a role .
I have cerebral palsy .
At the free end , free !
Thanks to God mighty God , I 'm free .
I did n't get the paper . They gave him <unk> Brown .
I went to <unk> , running the principal of the theater department , crying historically , as if somebody had killed my cat , and asked why , and she told me that because they believed that I could n't do the stunts at risk .
And I said , `` Excuse me , if I ca n't do the stunts at risk , you ca n't get the character . ''
It was a paper that was literally being born and gave it to an actress without cerebral palsy .
College was imitating my life .
Hollywood has a story about <unk> actors who have no disability for disabled papers .
When I graduated from , I went back home , and my first <unk> tour was like extra in a soap .
My dream was true .
And I knew it would be <unk> from `` companion '' to `` better friend nuts '' in a <unk> .
Instead , I was there like a vase , and I did n't see myself more than the back of the neck , and it was obvious to me that the <unk> directors did not <unk> <unk> actors , no white , with disability .
They just hated perfect people .
But there were exceptions to the rule .
I grew up watching <unk> Goldberg , <unk> <unk> , Ellen , and all these women had one thing in common : they were comedians .
That 's why I became <unk> .
On my first tour , he took New York from New Jersey to New Jersey , and I 'll never forget the face of the first comedy he took when I fell high speed on the New Jersey freeway with a driver who had cerebral palsy .
I worked in clubs around America , and also in Arabic in the Middle East , without censorship and faceless .
Some people say I 'm the first <unk> of the Arab world .
I do n't like to reclaim the first place , but I know you 've never heard that little nasty rumor that says that women are n't fun , and they 're very fun .
In 2003 , my brother 's brother and father , Dean <unk> , and I launched the <unk> Comedy Festival in New York City , now in his <unk> year .
Our goal was to change the negative image of <unk> in the media , and at the time to remind the <unk> directors that <unk> and Arabic are not synonymous .
<unk> Arabs was much easier than fighting the challenge of disability about disability .
My great opportunity came in in 2010 .
I was like invited to the <unk> news program behind with Keith <unk> .
As if I went to a graduate dance , I went to a studio and sat in a wheelchair .
And I looked at the principal and I said , `` Excuse me , can you give me another chair ? ''
She looked at me and said , `` Five , four , three , two ... ''
And we were in live .
So I grabbed the speaker desk to not go rolling through the screen during the segment , and when I finished the interview , he was pale .
I finally had my opportunity and <unk> it . I knew it would n't come back to me .
But not only Mr. <unk> came back to me , but he was like a full-time participant and bashed my chair .
Something of fun that I learned live on the top of Keith <unk> was that the people on the Internet are scum .
It says that kids are cruel , but I 'm never going to be <unk> of me or a child .
All of a sudden , my Internet disability became the object .
I 'd see clips on line with comments like , `` Why do you make it ? ''
`` It 's <unk> ? ''
And my favorite , `` Poor <unk> <unk> .
What disease does it have ?
We really should pray for it . ''
An commentator suggested even that I would add my disability to my resume : writer , comedian , paralyzed .
Disability is as visual as race .
If someone in a wheelchair ca n't do <unk> , then you ca n't make someone in a wheelchair .
The disabled are the -- Yeah , applaud , man . Go .
The disabled are the largest minority of the world , and the most <unk> in the world of entertainment .
Doctors said not to walk , but I 'm here in front of you .
However , to have grown up with the media , I do n't think it was .
I hope together we can create more positive images of disability in media and everyday life .
Maybe if there were more positive images , I 'm less hate on the Internet .
Or maybe not .
Maybe we still need the whole society to teach our kids well .
My journey of journey has led me to very spectacular places .
I came to <unk> by the red carpet <unk> by the <unk> Susan <unk> , and the famous <unk> <unk> .
I got to act in a film with Adam <unk> and working with my role , Dave Matthews .
<unk> the world running `` Arabs have become crazy . ''
I was <unk> in a great state of New Jersey in the 2008 2008 .
And I started `` The <unk> Children , '' a charity , to give the Palestinian refugee children , a ubiquitous part of what my parents gave me .
It was the only time my father saw me acting live , and I do this talk to his memory .
[ lie in peace .
I call myself <unk> <unk> , and if I can , you can also .
I 'd like to tell you a story about a child of a small village .
I do n't know his name , but I know your story .
He lives in a small town of <unk> .
This people is about <unk> .
<unk> drives the small village to poverty and at the edge of starvation .
Without it there , it goes to the great city , in this case , <unk> , the capital of Somalia .
When it comes there , there are no opportunity , no work , no future perspectives .
He 's just living in a tent in the city outside <unk> .
After maybe a year <unk> , nothing .
One day you read a gentleman that offers him bring him to lunch , after dinner , to breakfast .
He meets a dynamic group of people , which gives you a break .
He gets a little bit of money for you to buy new laundry , money to send home , their family .
I presented to a young man .
He finally went home .
It starts a new life .
It has a life goal .
A beautiful day in <unk> , under a blue sky , bursts out a car bomb .
That little boy of that little town with the dreams of the great city was the suicide bomber , and that dynamic group of people were to <unk> , a connected terrorist organization to al Qaeda .
So how do the story of a child in a small village trying to fulfill their dreams in the city end with him <unk> ?
He was waiting .
I was waiting for an opportunity , hoping to start their future , hoping for a future perspective , and this was the first thing he got .
This was the first thing he got out of what we call `` the waiting period . ''
And their story repeats itself in urban centers around the world .
It 's the story of the marginalized , young unemployed , who <unk> riots in Johannesburg , <unk> riots in London , looking at something beyond the <unk> .
For the young , the promise of the city , the great dream of the city is the opportunity , for jobs , of well-being , but young people do n't participate in the prosperity of their cities .
It 's often the one that suffers from the highest rates of unemployment .
By 2030 , three of every five people who live in cities will be under 18 .
If we do n't include young people in the growth of our cities , if we do n't give opportunities , the history of the <unk> , the door of access to terrorism , to violence , to gangs , to be the history of cities 2.0 .
And in my hometown of birth , <unk> , 70 percent of young people are unemployed .
70 percent does n't work , it 's not going to school .
They do n't do anything .
I went back to <unk> last month , and I went to visit the <unk> Hospital , the hospital where I was born .
I remember going to be at that hospital , and I remember going to think about it , and if I 'd never gone ?
And if I had seen me forced to being in that same `` waiting period '' ?
Would it be a terrorist ?
I 'm not really sure of the answer .
The reason I was in <unk> that month was actually to harbor a juvenile leaders at a corporate summit .
They went to about 90 juvenile leaders <unk> .
We sat down and we had a brainstorming of ideas on the solutions to the big challenges facing the city .
One of the young people in the room was <unk> .
He went to the University of <unk> , graduated .
There was no work , no opportunity .
I remember when he said to me , because I was a graduate college , unemployed , frustrated , was the perfect white for al Shabaab and other terrorist organizations , to be recruited .
They were looking for people like him .
But this story takes a different path .
In <unk> , the biggest obstacle to reach B is the streets .
<unk> years of civil war have completely destroyed the road system , and a motorcycle can be the easiest way to mobilize .
<unk> saw an opportunity and I seized it .
He started a motorcycle company .
It started <unk> motorcycles to local residents who normally could n't buy it .
I bought 10 motorcycles , with the help of his family and friends , and his dream is at some point to expand hundreds of bikes for the next three years .
Why is this story different ?
What makes this story different ?
I think the ability to identify and leverage a new opportunity .
It 's the entrepreneurial spirit , and I think the spirit of business can be the most powerful tool against the <unk> .
They 're going to attract young people to be the creators of economic opportunity that are looking so desperately .
And you can train young people to be entrepreneurs .
I want to talk to you about a young man who attended one of my meetings , Mohamed <unk> , a <unk> .
I was helping me train some of the young people at the height of business entrepreneurship and how to be innovative and how to create a culture of business entrepreneurship .
In fact , it 's the first <unk> that <unk> has seen in over 22 years , and until recently , until Mohamed came , if you wanted flowers for your wedding , we were all of plastic sent from abroad .
If you give somebody , `` When was the last time you saw flowers cool ? ''
for those who grew up during the civil war , the answer would be , `` Never . ''
So Mohamed saw an opportunity .
It started a company of <unk> and floral design .
I created a farm on the outskirts of <unk> , and he started growing <unk> and <unk> , who said , could survive the hard climate of <unk> .
And he started the delivery of flowers for weddings , creating gardens in the houses , and the city companies , and now it 's working on the creation of the first public park in <unk> in 22 years .
There 's no public parks in <unk> .
He wants to create a space where families , young people , can go together , and as he says , smell the pink <unk> .
By the way , he does n't grow pink because they use a lot of water .
So the first step is to inspire young people , and in that room , Mohamed had a really profound impact on young people .
They 'd never thought about starting a business .
They had thought about working for an NGO , to work for government , but his story , their innovation , really had a strong impact on them .
He forced them to look at their city as a place of opportunity .
I encouraged them to believe that they could be entrepreneurs , who might be <unk> of change .
For the end of the day , they already had innovative solutions for some of the biggest challenges facing the city .
We 've got business solutions for local problems .
So , inspiring young people and creating a corporate spirit culture is really a big step , but young people need capital to make their ideas true .
They need experience and guidance to guide us in development and put them on their business .
They 're going to bring young people together with the resources they need , they prescribe the support they need to move from conception to creation , and create <unk> for urban growth .
For me , the spirit spirit is more to start a business .
It 's creating a social impact .
Mohamed is not just selling flowers .
I think it 's selling hope .
Its Peace Park , this is how it calls it , when it 's created , to transform the way people see their city .
<unk> hired children from the street to help rent and keep motorbikes for him .
It gave them the opportunity to escape from the <unk> of the <unk> .
These young entrepreneurs are having tremendous impact on their cities .
So my suggestion is : becoming the young people in entrepreneurs , <unk> and eat their inherent innovation , and they will have more stories about flowers and Parks of the Peace than <unk> and <unk> periods .
Thank you .
I was about 10 years old , and I went camping with my dad in the <unk> Mountains , an area <unk> north of the state of New York .
It was a beautiful day .
The <unk> forest .
The sun was making the leaves called a <unk> , and not because of the path we were still , we could almost pretend that we were the first human beings to step on that land .
We got to our camp .
It was a shed in a <unk> with a beautiful <unk> lake when I discovered something horrible .
Behind the shed had a dump , from about four square feet , with the hearts of these rotten <unk> , aluminum <unk> .
And I was choked up , I was so angry and incredibly confused .
The <unk> that were too lazy to pull out what they thought was going to clean up their garbage ?
That question followed with me , and he got a little bit excited .
Who cleans our trash ?
No matter how to organize or where to put the `` our '' , who clean our crap in Istanbul ?
Who clean our trash in Rio or in Paris or in London ?
Here in New York , the Department of clean <unk> our garbage , about 11,000 tons of waste and 2,000 tons of recyclable products every day .
I wanted to know them as individuals .
I wanted to understand who does that work .
What does it feel like to use the uniform and take that charge ?
So I started a research project with them .
And I traveled through the trucks and walked along the routes and interviewed people in offices and installations in the entire city , and I learned a lot , but it was still a <unk> .
I needed a little bit more .
So I started working like garbage <unk> .
I 'm not just traveling in the trucks . I did them .
And he operated the mechanical piles and the snow rod .
It was a remarkable privilege and an amazing learning .
Everybody asks about the smell .
It 's there , but it 's not as prevalent as you believe , and in the days that it 's very strong you get used to .
It costs very much used to weight .
I met people who had worked on it for several years and their bodies were still <unk> the weight of taking on their body tons of garbage every week .
It 's also the danger .
According to the Bureau of Labor Statistics , the waste collection is one of the most dangerous <unk> in the country , and I learned the reason .
You 're coming out and entering the traffic all day , and they pass by around you .
They just want to <unk> , so in general the driver is not paying attention .
That 's very bad for the worker .
And also the crap itself is also full of dangers that they often fall from the truck and they cause terrible damage .
I also learned about the relentless stuff of garbage .
When you get out of the <unk> and you see a city from the back of the truck , you get to understand that garbage is like a force of nature itself .
It never stops coming .
It 's also like a form of breathing or circulation .
It 's always to be in motion .
And it 's also stigma .
It seems to me that the stigma is especially ironic because I think so hard that acousticians are the most important work in the city streets , for three reasons .
They 're the first protectors of public health .
If you do n't get rid of the waste efficient and effective form every day , this starts <unk> from their containers and their dangers were inherent in very real ways .
diseases that we had been controlled for decades , and centuries come back and begin to sprout .
The economy needs it .
If we ca n't get rid of the old we do n't have space for the new things that the economic engines are starting to fail when it 's in danger .
I 'm not advocating for capitalism , I just point out your relationship .
And then there 's what I call our daily daily speed .
I mean by just the speed that we used to move in the contemporary era .
We usually do n't care about it , not fixed , cleaned up or push with us our cup of coffee , our bag of <unk> , our water bottle .
We use them , we throw them away , we forget about them , because we know there 's a job force on the other side that would take to it .
So today I want to suggest to you a couple of ways of thinking about waste collection that might help reduce the stigma and adapt it into that conversation about how to design a sustainable and sustainable city .
Her job , I think , is almost <unk> .
They 're on the street every day , <unk> .
They use a uniform in many cities .
You know when you 're going to go .
And their work allows us to do our own .
They 're almost a form of relief .
The flow that keep us against ourselves , from our own waste , our junk , and that flow will always be held in one way or another .
One day after September 11th , 2001 , I heard the grunt of a garbage collection truck on the street , grabbed my little son , and I went down the stairs running , and there was a man doing his joint recycled paper journey , like I did all on Wednesday .
And I tried to thank you for doing his work that particular day , but I started crying .
And he looked at me and just nodded , and he said , `` We 're going to be right .
We 're going to be right . ''
Shortly after that , I started to investigate waste collection , and I went back to see that man .
It 's called <unk> , and we work together many times , and we made good friends .
I want to believe it was right .
Let 's be fine .
But in our efforts to rebuild the way we exist on this planet as a species we have to include and have to account all costs , even the very real human cost of labor .
The municipal waste , what we think when we 're talking about garbage , they represent three percent of the nation 's amount of waste .
It 's a remarkable statistic .
So in the flow of your day and your lives , the next one you see someone whose job is to clean up the trash of you , take a moment to recognize them .
Take a moment to tell you thank you .
My work is focused on the connection of thinking about our community life forming part of the environment where architecture is born naturally from the conditions and local traditions .
Today I brought two recent projects , as an example of this .
Both projects are located in emerging countries , one in Ethiopia and the other in Tunisia .
They also share the fact that the different analysis of different perspectives become an essential part of the end of architecture .
The first example began with an invitation to design a mall for several floors in the capital of Ethiopia , Addis Ababa .
This is the kind of construction that they showed us as an example , to my team and me , about what we had to design .
At first , the first thing I thought was , `` I want to go running . ''
After seeing some of these buildings , there are many of these buildings in the city , we realized that there are three important ways to emphasize .
In principle , these buildings are almost empty because they have very large stores in which people ca n't afford to buy things .
Second , you need to employ a lot of energy because the crystals in the inside , it generates heat inside , so you need a lot of cooling .
In a city where this should n't happen , because it 's a temperate climate that goes from 20 to 25 degrees throughout the year .
And third , it does n't look like Africa or Ethiopia .
It 's a serious place to be so rich in culture and traditions .
In our first visit to Ethiopia , I was really hooked with the ancient market that 's this outdoors , where thousands of people , they go and buy things every day in small marketers .
That 's also that idea of using public space to generate external activity .
So I thought , that 's what I really wanted to design , not a shopping center .
But the question was how to build a modern building , several stories , applying these principles .
The next challenge was introduced to the establishment , which is located in an area of a lot of the city growth , where much of the buildings that we now see in the image , did n't exist .
And it 's also between two parallel streets that are not communicating in an extension of hundreds of feet .
So the first thing we did was create a connection between these two streets , putting all the entries in the building .
And this spreads with an inclined atrium , which creates a space to open in the building that will be augmented by its own shape and the rain .
And around this space we 've applied the idea of the market with small businesses , that changes on each floor because of the form of space .
I also thought , how to close the building ?
I wanted to find a solution that <unk> the local climate conditions .
And I started thinking about a fabric like a <unk> concrete shell , to allow the input of air , and also the light , but in a filtered fashion .
Then we were inspired by these beautiful <unk> buttons in the Ethiopian dresses .
They have properties of fractal geometry , and this helped me model the facade .
We 're building that with these little durable parts that are the windows that leave air and light in a way controlled inside the building .
This is <unk> with these little colors of colors that use the light inside the building to light up the building at night .
With these ideas , it was n't easy to convince developers because they thought , `` That 's not a mall . It 's not what we did . ''
But ultimately we all realized that this idea of the market was to be much more profitable than the commercial center , because at the end of the day there was more local to sell .
And also the idea of the facade was much more economic , not only because of the material compared to the glass , but also because it no longer need to have air conditioning conditioning .
So we get certain savings in the budget that we use to implement the project .
The first thing was to think about how to get the energy <unk> to the building in a city where electricity is short almost every day .
So we got a huge advantage by putting <unk> on the roof .
And then under those panels , we think of the roof , like a new public space with the meeting areas and bars that would create this urban oasis .
And these <unk> on the roof , which together they collect water for inner health .
It 's expected for the beginning of the next year , because we go through the fifth floor of building .
The second example is a master plan for 2,000 apartments and services in Tunisia .
And to do a project that 's so large , the biggest I 've ever designed , I needed not only to understand the city of Tunisia , but also its environment , their tradition and culture .
During that analysis , I had special attention in <unk> , a hundred years old , which was surrounded by a wall with twelve <unk> , connected lines that were connected by almost straight lines .
When I went to the place , the first design operation we made was expand the existing streets , creating 12 early blocks similar to the size and features in Barcelona and other cities in Europe with these courtyards .
In addition to that , we pick some strategic dots in relation to the idea of <unk> , <unk> lines , and this changed the initial model .
And the last operation was to think about the cell , the small cell in the project , as an apartment , as an essential part of the master plan .
I thought , what would be the best orientation for an apartment in <unk> climate ?
And it 's a default , because it creates a thermal difference between both sides of the house and therefore natural ventilation .
So you 've got a scheme that claims that most apartments are perfectly <unk> in that direction .
And this is the result that is almost like a combination of European block and the Arab city .
It has these blocks with playgrounds , and then in the floor , we have all the connections for pedestrians .
And it also responds to local norms that set up greater density on higher levels and lower density in the plant floor .
And also reinforces this idea of doors .
The roof , which is my favorite part of the project is almost like giving back to the community , occupied space .
It 's where all the neighbors , you can go up and forth , and do things like running a mile race in the morning or jump from a building to another .
These two examples , they have a common approach in the design process .
And also , they 're in emerging countries , where you can see the cities literally growing up .
In these cities , the impact of architecture in people 's lives changes communities and local economies at the same rate as buildings grow .
For this reason , I see even more important to look at architecture looking for simple , affordable solutions that improve the relationship between the community and the environment and that they have as a goal to connect nature with people .
Thank you very much .
When I was eight , a new girl joined our class . It was so remarkable , as you see all the new girls .
He had huge amounts of hair , and a little crayons and a little crayons . It was super strong for the capitals of the states , very good for <unk> .
I ended up that year , and I was full of jealousy , until I had my sinister plan .
One day I stayed a time after the school output , and it was a little late and I hid in the girls ' bathroom .
When the coast was <unk> , I went out , I went into the classroom , I took the table from my master 's <unk> .
And then , I did .
<unk> the grades of my rival , just a little bit , just a few .
All the way . And I organized to return the book to the drawer , but to see , some of my other classmates had very good grades as well .
So in a frenzy , <unk> the notes around the world , without any imagination .
I put them all <unk> and I put myself a line of <unk> and myself , just because I could ...
I 'm still surprised what I did .
I do n't understand how the idea came up .
I do n't understand why I was doing so well .
I felt important .
I do n't understand why I never caught up .
It 's that everything is obvious .
I never found out .
But most of all , I 'm going to tell you the reason why I felt this little girl , so small , was so good for <unk> .
<unk> .
They 're so mysterious and so <unk> .
We know that babies suffer from jealousy .
Also primates , the tiles tiles are very likely .
We know that jealousy are a number one number of spouse in the United States .
And yet , I 've never seen a study that looked at loneliness , or long duration or sadness .
So , you have to go to fiction , because novels are like the laboratory that you study in all its possible ways .
In fact , I do n't know if it 's an exaggeration to say that if there was no jealousy , <unk> would have a literature .
Well , there would be nothing like the <unk> , and there would be `` A . ''
There would be no king jealous , no `` The thousand and a nights . ''
There would be no Shakespeare .
You know , <unk> the high school lists , because we 'd be losing `` The noise and <unk> , '' no `` Party '' and `` Party '' -- we will be `` Madame <unk> , '' and `` Anna K . ''
Without jealousy , there 's no point . I know it 's fashionable to say that Proust has the answers to everything , and in terms of jealousy , almost everybody has them .
This year is a hundred years of a masterpiece , `` In pursuit of lost time , '' the most pervasive study of sexual jealousy , and also the most pervasive study , all that we could have , and thinking about Proust famously , we have the details of it , right ?
We think about a child trying to reconcile sleep .
We thought about a <unk> <unk> in yourself .
We forgot how hard that image is .
We forgot how relentless it is .
I mean , it 's about books that Virginia <unk> said were as hard as <unk> .
I do n't know what the cat <unk> is , but we assume it 's <unk> .
Let 's see why they 're going so good together , the novel and the jealousy -- the jealousy , the jealousy and Proust .
It will be very obvious as the jealousy , that you cut to the person , their desire , to their impediments , are a very solid narrative ?
I do n't know . I think we get close to the bone , when we think about what happens when we feel jealousy .
When we feel jealousy , we tell ourselves a story .
A story about other people 's lives , and those stories make us feel terrible because they 're designed for that , to make us feel bad .
Being an audience and an audience , we know exactly what details would include , to nail the knife , right ?
<unk> do all of us to all novelists , and that 's something that Proust understood .
Everything that she does to give me pleasure could give pleasure to another , maybe right now . ''
And it starts to say himself that story , and since then , Proust says that every <unk> charm that <unk> detects in his lover , he adds his collection of instruments of torture in his private camera .
You have to admit that <unk> and Proust was notoriously jealous .
You know , Hasbro would have to leave the country , if they wanted to break up with it .
But you do n't have to be so jealous to recognize that it 's a hard job . Right ?
The jealousy are <unk> .
It 's such a hungry emotion .
And what are jealousy ?
The jealousy will spread out of information .
<unk> use the details .
The jealousy , they like the large amounts of shiny hair and the cute little <unk> of pencils .
The jealousy would take away from the photos .
That 's why Instagram is so successful , Proust links to the <unk> language with the jealousy of jealousy .
When <unk> is in their jealousy agony , suddenly listening behind the doors and <unk> at their lover 's servants , then defends those behaviors .
He says , `` Look , I know you think this is revolting , but it 's not different than the interpretation of an old text or looking at a memorial . ''
He says , `` They are scientific research with real intellectual value . ''
Proust is trying to show that the jealousy look <unk> and they make us seem like <unk> , but at the point , they 're search for knowledge , search for truth , a very painful truth . In fact , what Proust cares about , the more painful , the truth .
Pain , humiliation , loss : These were the pathways going into the wisdom of Proust .
He says , `` A woman who we need , who makes us suffer , causes us a range of much more profound feelings much more profound and vital than a wise man who can be interested in . ''
Is it telling us we 're going to look for cruel women ?
No . I think it 's trying to say that the jealousy reveal us .
And there 's some other emotion that makes us open in this particular way ?
Is there any other emotion us reveals our <unk> , our horrible ambition and our rights ?
Any other excitement that teaches us to look at such intensity ?
Freud would write about this later on .
One day , Freud was visited by a young man , which was being used with the idea that his wife would <unk> it .
And Freud said that there was something weird about that man , who did n't get rid of what his wife did .
Well she was innocent ; everyone knew it .
The poor creature was under suspicion without any cause .
But he was looking for things that his wife did , without realizing it involuntary behavior .
Do you get too much ? Or do n't accidentally hang on with a man ?
Freud said that the man was becoming the <unk> of his wife 's unconscious .
The novels are really good at this .
The novels describe very well how jealousy they do to look at intensity , but no precision .
In fact , the more intensely , so the more we become a fantasy of fantasy .
And for this reason , I think , jealousy lead us to do violent or illegal acts .
<unk> drive us to behave in a totally <unk> ways .
Now I 'm thinking about myself at the age of eight , I recognize it . But I 'm also thinking about this story I heard on the news .
A woman of Michigan of 52 years old was captured by having created a false account on Facebook since the one that were sent to <unk> , awful messages in a year .
For a year , a year .
She was trying to <unk> his former boyfriend 's father . I have to confess that when or this , I reacted with awe .
Because , let 's be realistic .
How huge , although unfortunate , creativity . Right ?
It 's like novel .
Like a <unk> <unk> novel .
<unk> is one of my favorites .
She 's a very strange and brilliant character from the American literature .
It 's the author of `` <unk> in a <unk> '' and `` The <unk> Mr. <unk> , '' books that are about how jealousy , confused of our minds , and once we are in the sphere , in the realm of the jealousy , the membrane that separates what it is that it might be , can be torn up in a moment .
Take Tom <unk> , his most famous character .
Tom <unk> goes from <unk> , or want what you have to take from you to be and <unk> what you 've ever got , and it 's under the floor . <unk> your name , take your bank accounts , cow your bank accounts .
It 's a way .
But what do we do ? We ca n't take it from Tom <unk> .
I ca n't give you all the world anymore , as much as I would like .
It 's a pity , because we live in times of envy .
We live in terms of jealousy .
I mean , we 're good citizens of social media , where does the currency is envy ? Right ?
novels show us the output ? I 'm not sure .
So we 're going to do what the characters always do when they 're not safe , when they 're in front of a mystery .
Let 's go to the <unk> Street , ask for Sherlock Holmes .
When people think about Holmes , they think about the <unk> curse in the Professor Moriarty , that criminal genius .
But I 've always looked [ <unk> ] <unk> , the head of the rat 's face of racist Scotland , which needs desperately vigilant , needs the Holmes genius , but she 's annoyed .
Oh , it sounds so familiar with me .
You need their help , but it 's <unk> , and I would hate it with bitterness in each of the mysteries .
But how they work together , something starts to change , and finally in `` The Six <unk> <unk> , '' once scanned comes in , <unk> all of us with his solution , <unk> back to scanned and says , `` We 're not jealous , Mr. Holmes .
We 're proud of you . ''
And he says there 's no person in Scotland , which I did n't want to raise your hand .
It 's one of the times that it 's one of the times that we see Sherlock transferred in history . I think this is very emotional . That scene is also mysterious , right ?
It seems to treat jealousy as a problem of geometry , without emotion .
You know , in a minute yesterday , it 's the opposite side of <unk> .
The next minute they are on the same side .
Suddenly , <unk> is allowed to admire that idea of being the <unk> .
Could it still be so simple ?
What if jealousy are actually a matter of geometry , just a question of where we allow ourselves to be in relation to the other ?
Well , maybe we do n't have to <unk> the excellence of the other .
We can do it with it .
But I like the contingency plans .
So as we expect that to happen , let 's remember that we have the fiction for <unk> .
Only the fiction <unk> the jealousy .
The fiction alone is inviting them to the table .
And look what puts it : the sweet <unk> , the terrifying Tom <unk> , the crazy <unk> , the Marcel Cooper .
We 're in great company .
Thank you .
We used to solve big problems .
On July 21 , 1969 , Buzz Aldrin jumped out of the left module of Apollo 11 and went down on the Sea of <unk> .
Armstrong and Aldrin were alone , but his presence on the gray surface was the culmination of a collective process .
The Apollo program was the greatest mobilization in American history .
To get to the moon , NASA spent about 180 billion dollars of today , or four percent of the federal budget .
The Apollo gave a job for 400,000 people , and asked the collaboration of 20,000 companies , universities and agencies .
They died people , including the crew of Apollo .
But before the Apollo program <unk> , 24 men went to the moon .
Twelve walked on his surface , of which he acted after Death death last year , is now the oldest man .
So why were they ?
They did n't brought a lot back : <unk> kilos of old rocks , and something that the 24 <unk> later , a new sense of something and the fragility of our common home .
Why were it ? The cynical answer is that they were because President Kennedy wanted to demonstrate the Soviets , that this nation was better rockets .
But the bare words of the Kennedy at Rice University in 1962 in 1962 give us a better idea .
John F. Kennedy : Some people ask , why the moon ?
Why turn it into our goal ?
And you could also ask , why would it scale up high ?
35 years ago , why would fly over the Atlantic ?
Why plays Rice against Texas ?
We choose to go to the moon .
We choose to go to the moon .
We choose to go to the moon in this decade , and do other things , not because they 're simple , but because they 're hard .
Jason <unk> : For the contemporaries , the Apollo was not only a victory of the West about this in the Cold War .
At the time , the stronger emotion was the question of wonder in the <unk> of the powers of technology .
It was because it was great to be able to do it .
The landing on the moon happened in a context of a long list of technological aspects .
The first half of the 20th century produced the assembly line and the plane , penicillin and vaccine for tuberculosis .
In the middle of the century , it was <unk> by polio , and it was eliminated .
The technology seemed to own what Alvin <unk> in 1970 was called `` <unk> . ''
For most of the history of humanity , we could n't go faster than a horse , or a ship with candle , but in 1969 , the Apollo crew flew for 40,000 miles an hour .
Since 1970 , no human being has gone to the moon .
Nobody 's traveled faster than Apollo 10 , and the optimism worries about the power of technology has evaporated to see that the problems that we imagined the technology would solve as to go to Mars , create a clean energy , cure cancer , or to feed the world population appear to be intractable .
I remember watching the Apollo 17 .
And my mother was five years old , and my mother told me that you do n't see the <unk> tube of the rocket Saturn V .
I knew <unk> that this would be the last public mission , but I was completely sure that I would be to see the colonies on Mars .
So that from `` something happened to our ability to solve problems with technology , '' has become a common place .
We hear it all the time .
We 've heard it for the last two days here , at TED .
It seems like the technologists have found ourselves and had enriched with trivial toys , things like iPhones , apps and social networks , or algorithms that speed up the automated selling .
There 's nothing wrong with most of these things .
They 've expanded and enriched our lives .
But they do n't address the big problems of humanity .
What happened ?
There 's a parochial explanation in Silicon Valley , which <unk> that have created less ambitious companies than those of the years , where Intel will be <unk> , Microsoft , Apple and <unk> .
Silicon Valley says that markets are the guilty , in concrete , the incentives that the venture capitalists offer entrepreneurs .
Silicon Valley says that the risk investment caused the creation of ideas to be used by creating ideas for incremental problems , or even false problems .
But I do n't think this explanation is good enough .
It was mostly going wrong in <unk> Valley .
Even when venture capitalists were at their peak , without worrying about risk , small investments , small investments that they could go out in 10 years .
<unk> . They 've always had trouble investing with the benefit in technologies like energy , that they need tremendous capital , and whose development is over the long term . They have n't invested in the development of technologies dedicated to solving big problems because they do n't have a immediate commercial value .
No , the reasons we ca n't solve big problems are more complicated and more profound .
Sometimes , we choose to not solve big problems .
We could go to Mars if we wanted .
NASA has even designed a plan .
But going to Mars would require a political decision that was popular , and that will never happen .
We wo n't go to Mars because everybody thinks there are more important things to do on Earth .
Sometimes we ca n't solve big problems because political systems fail .
Today , less than two percent of the global energy consumption comes from renewable energy like solar , wind and <unk> . Less than two percent , and the reason is completely economic .
Coal and natural gas are cheaper than solar and wind , and oil is cheaper than <unk> .
We want sources of alternative energy to be able to compete . They do n't exist .
Now , the technologists , the entrepreneurs and the economists agree on what political and treaties are the development of an alternative energy : mostly , a significant increase in research and development , and some kind of control of the coal price .
But there is no hope in the political climate of the current political policy that we 're going to see an energy policy of the U.S. or treaties that reflect consensus .
Sometimes the big problems that looked like technological , are not .
We know for the time that famines are a result of the failure of failure in the food deal .
But 30 years of research have taught us that famines are political crisis that affect <unk> the food distribution .
Technology can get better things like crops or systems for the storage and the storage of food , but there will be hunger while there 's bad governments .
Finally , big problems sometimes make a solution because we do n't understand the problem .
President Nixon declared the war to cancer in 1971 , but we found that there are a lot of cancer types , some terribly resistant to treatment , and only over the last 10 years seem to have found effective treatments and viable treatments .
Hard problems are hard .
It 's not true that we ca n't solve problems with technology .
We can , and we have , but these four elements have been present : political leaders , and people have to want to address the problem ; institutions must support the solution ; it should be really about a technological problem ; and we should understand it .
The Apollo mission , which has become something like a metaphor for the ability of technology to solve big problems , meets those criteria .
But it 's a <unk> model in the future .
We 're not in 1961 .
There 's not a <unk> competition , like the Cold War , there 's no political like John Kennedy who would take the hard and dangerous , and there is no popular mythology of science fiction like exploring the solar system .
In general , go to the moon turned out to be simple .
It was just three days .
And it really was n't even address any problem .
We are alone in our present , and the solutions of the future will be harder to get .
God knows that we are missing the challenges .
Thank you very much .
Well , I 'm going to talk about trust , and I 'm going to start with <unk> the relative ideas that you have about trust .
They 're so common that they have become <unk> of our society .
I think it 's three .
The first one is a claim , there 's been a huge reduction of trust , it 's a very widespread belief .
The second is a goal : we should have more confidence .
And the third one is a task : We should recover trust .
I think the claim , the goal and the task has gone wrong .
What I 'm going to try and tell you today is a different story about a claim , a goal and a task , which I think gives a more clear idea about the topic .
So first I claim , why do people think that trust has dropped ?
And if I think about the basis of my own evidence , I do n't know the answer .
I bow to think that it may have fallen in some activities or institutions , and that might be up in others .
I do n't know that .
But I can turn to our opinion surveys , and the surveys of opinion are supposedly the source of belief that trust has dropped .
When you look at the survey surveys over time , there are n't a lot of evidence of it .
I mean , the people who were preparing 20 years ago , mostly journalists and politicians , keep inspiring the same mistrust .
And the people who were very reliable 20 years ago , they are still pretty reliable -- the judges , nurses .
The rest of us are in the middle , and by the way , the average citizen of the street is almost exactly halfway on .
But is this evidence for us ?
What poll opinion surveys are , of course , opinions .
What else can you record ?
What you 're looking at is the generic attitudes that people agree when they 're asking certain questions .
Do you trust the politicians ? Trust on teachers ?
Now , if anybody were to ask you , `` Would you get in the <unk> ?
Did you go through the fishermen ?
Are you in elementary school teachers ? ''
I 'll probably be able to ask , `` What ? ''
And that would be a very sane answer .
And you could say , when you 've answered your question , `` Well , I rely on some , but in others not . ''
What is very rational .
Ultimately , in real life , we tend to put trust in a separate way .
We do n't assume that the level of trust that we 're going to feel for a certain kind of officer , official or type of person , is going to be uniform in all cases .
I could , for example , to say that I trust a certain degree teacher that I know to give the reading class , but in no way to drive the school <unk> .
After all , I could know that it was n't a good driver .
I could trust my most talkative friend to keep a conversation , but no , maybe , to keep a secret .
Simple .
And if we have those evidence in our everyday lives in the way that trust is distinct , why do we just stop side from that knowledge when we think about trust in more abstract ?
I think surveys are very bad tools to measure the real confidence level , because they 're trying to share the good judgment of the fact that you have to trust something or someone .
Secondly , what about the goal ?
The goal is to have more confidence .
Frankly , I think it 's a stupid goal .
It 's not the goal that I 'm going to do .
I 'm going to get more confidence in what is trusted , but not what it is .
Ultimately , I 'm keen to do not trust what is not reliable .
And I think that those people who were taking their savings with the very rightly named Mr. Madoff , which then disappeared with them , I think of them , and I think , well , yes , they were too confident .
Having more confidence is not an intelligent objective in this life .
Confidence deposited or Princess with intelligence , that 's the right goal .
Once you say it , it says , yes , it 's worth , that means that what matters first is not trust , but trustworthiness .
What it is about is doing a trial about how reliable people are in certain ways .
And I think that in order to make a trial , we 're forced to focus on three things .
Are they competent ? Are they honest ? Are they responsible ?
And if we found that a person is competent in <unk> , and it 's responsible and honest , then we 'll have a very good reason to trust it , because it 's going to be worthy of trust .
But if , on the contrary , they 're not responsible , we could n't trust them .
I have friends who are competent and honest , but he did n't trust them to get a letter to the mail , because they 're <unk> .
I 've got friends who are very confident that they can do certain things , but I see that they would make their own skills .
And I 'm happy to say that I think I do n't have a lot of friends that are competent and responsible , but extremely memorable .
If it is , I did n't realize it .
But that 's what we 're looking for : trustworthiness before trust .
So trust is the answer .
<unk> is what we need to judge .
And of course , it 's hard .
Over the last few decades , we 've tried to build systems of accountability for all kinds of institutions , professionals and officials and so on , that made us easier to judge their reliability .
Many of those systems have had the opposite effect .
They do n't work as they should .
I remember one time I was talking to a <unk> and said , `` Well , you 'll see , the problem is that it takes more time to make the management paperwork that attend itself . ''
And we find the same problem in all of our public life , and institutional life , that the accountability system that is meant to ensure trustworthiness and evidence for trustworthiness , actually is doing the opposite .
What they 're doing is they 're doing the work of the people who have to do hard tasks , like the midwives , you know , `` check the boxes , '' as we say .
I 'm sure all of you know similar examples .
All of that , for the goal .
I believe that the goal should be more reliability , and that things would be different if we 're worthy of being trustworthy and <unk> people who are reliable and if you try to determine whether other people , officials or politicians are trustworthy .
It 's not easy . It 's the trial , simple actions , attitudes , that does n't make it properly .
Third , the task .
You 're going to rebuild the task to rebuild the confidence , put things upside down .
It suggests that you and I should rebuild the confidence .
Well , we can do it with ourselves .
We can rebuild a bit of trustworthiness .
We can do it if you 're two people , together , trying to improve trust .
But trust , ultimately , is distinctive because they give us other people .
You ca n't rebuild what other people have given .
You have to give them enough to give them enough to you that they can trust you .
You have to be worthy of trust .
And that , of course , is because you ca n't cheat , usually , all the people , all the time .
But you also have to be able to try to prove that you 're worthy of trust .
How do you do that ?
That 's done every day , everywhere , the ordinary people , the men , the institutions , the institutions , very effectively .
I 'll give you a simple commercial example .
The store where I bought my socks , says I can send them back and tell them .
I take them and get it back money , or they change the color that I want .
That 's great . I trust them because they became vulnerable to me .
I think there 's a big lesson on that .
If you become vulnerable to the other part , that 's a very good test that you 're worthy of trust , and you have confidence in what you 're saying .
So at the end , I think what we 're aiming for is not a very difficult thing to figure out .
What people trust is in relationships , and in that framework , you can determine when and how the other person is worthy of trust .
Thank you .
From the beginning of computers , we 've been working tirelessly to reduce the separation between us and the digital information , the separation between our material world and the world of the screen where the imagination can be <unk> .
This separation has been shrinking , increasingly , and more , to such a point that today is less than one millimeter , the thickness of a glass of the tactile screen , and the power of computing has become accessible to everyone .
But I wonder , and if there was no barriers ?
I started imagining what it would be like .
First of all , I created this tool that goes into the digital space , so that when the strong <unk> against the screen transfers its physical body to pixels .
Designers can prescribe their ideas directly in 3D , and surgeons can practice with virtual organs below the screen .
So with this tool break the barriers .
But the two hands remain still outside the screen .
How can you get inside and interact with digital information using the whole dexterity of your hands ?
In the Deep Science division of Microsoft , along with my mentor <unk> <unk> , <unk> the computer and turned a little space on the keyboard in a digital area of work .
And so I combined a <unk> <unk> bombsight to detect the fingers and the face , and now you can raise the hands of the keyboard , get inside of the 3D space , and grab pixels directly with your hands .
Like windows and files have a location in real space , <unk> is so easy to grab a book on a shelf .
You can flip through the book and highlight lines or words with the virtual tactile sensor that 's down on every floating screen .
Architects can stretch their models directly into the hands of hands .
In these examples , we 're feeding on the digital world .
And if we put the papers together and make the digital information coming to us ?
Surely , many of us will be bought and returned things on the Internet .
Now that does n't have to worry about it .
What I 've got here is a virtual <unk> on the Internet .
This is the vision that you get from a <unk> device or translucent when the system understands the geometry of your body .
If we take this idea further , I thought , instead of just watching a pixels in space , how can we make them physical so we can touch them and feel them ?
What would it be like like this ?
At the MIT Media Lab with my tutor Hiroshi Ishii , and my collaborator <unk> Post , we created this only physical pixel .
This spherical magnet is behaving as a 3D pixel in space , which means that both the computer as users can move the object anywhere within this small three-dimensional space .
<unk> , what we did is we 'll ring gravity and control the motion through a combination of levitation and mechanical <unk> and detectors .
And when you program the object , you release it from the constraints of time and space , which means that human movements can <unk> and go back to reproduce and stay forever in the physical world .
You can teach physically <unk> and distance , and the famous shot of Michael Jordan , you can play it as a physical reality , the times we wanted it .
Students can use it as a tool to understand complicated concepts like the movement of planets , the physics , and , unlike monitors or textbooks , this is a real and palpable experience that you can touch and feel . It 's very powerful .
But what 's more fascinating to change the physical part of the computer is to imagine how to program the world is going to change our everyday physical activities .
As you can see , digital information is not only showing you something , but to start acting directly about us as part of the physical world that surrounds us without us that we have to <unk> ourselves from our world .
We started the talk today talking about a barrier , but if we suppress that barrier , the only limit that 's our imagination .
Thank you .
I 'm going to become <unk> for two years in <unk> , China , in the 1970s .
When I was in the first grade , the government wanted to attend to a school for athletes with all expenses payment .
But my tiger mother said , `` No . ''
My parents wanted me to become engineering , like them .
After surviving the Cultural Revolution , they create a firm that there was only an accurate path to happiness : a secure , safe job .
No matter if the job I 'd like or not .
But my dream was to be a Chinese opera singer .
This was me , in my imaginary piano .
An opera singer has to begin with a very young man to learn the tricks , so I tried everything I could to go to the opera school .
I even wrote to the director of the school and the speaker of a radio show .
But no adult will tell you the idea .
No adult took me seriously .
Only my friends were supported , but they were kids , without authority , like me .
So at the age of 15 , I knew it was too much older to train .
My dream will never be done .
I was afraid , for the rest of my life , a second class happiness was the only thing I could aspire to .
And this was so unfair .
So I solved search for another calling .
Nobody around me wanted to teach me ? Okay .
Let 's go to books .
[ `` Works <unk> '' ] [ `` Tell me `` <unk> '' ] [ `` <unk> de History '' ] [ `` <unk> de History '' ] -- I arrived in the United States in 1995 , and what were the first books that I read here ?
Those who were banned in China , of course .
`` The Good Earth '' is Chinese <unk> life .
And it 's not a convenience . <unk> .
The Bible is interesting , but strange .
That 's a topic for another day .
But the fifth commandment to me was an epiphany , `` Tell your father and your mother . ''
`` <unk> , '' I said , `` It 's so different , and much better than obey . ''
So it became my tool to get out of this <unk> of guilt <unk> and to reset the relationship with my parents .
And I find it with a new culture also led to my comparative reading habit .
We 'll get a lot of perspectives .
For example , at the beginning of this map , it seemed to me because this is what the students in China learn .
I had never occurred to me , that China did n't have to be in the center of the world .
A map involves people 's perspective .
<unk> reading is not new .
It 's a common practice in the academic world .
There are to research fields like comparative religion and comparative religion .
Compare and contrast , offers the academics a deeper understanding of a topic .
And I thought that if I read comparative reading worked , why not do it as well in everyday life ?
So I started reading books from two .
They can be about people [ `` Benjamn Franklin '' ] [ `` John Adams ' '' ] [ `` John Adams '' ] that they were involved in the same event , or friends with shared experiences .
For Christ , temptation are economic , political and spiritual .
By Buddha , they 're all psychological : lust , fear and social duty -- interesting .
If you know another language , it 's also fun to read their favorite books in two languages .
[ `` The Road to <unk> Tzu 's Thomas <unk> '' ] [ `` Next path of Tao '' Alan <unk> in translation , found that you can win a lot of it .
For example , it 's through the translation that I realized that `` happiness '' in Chinese literally means `` joy . '' Ha !
And `` girlfriend '' in Chinese , literally means `` new mother . ''
The books opened me a magic door to connect people from the past and the present .
I know it wo n't feel like or powerless .
Having a broken sleep really is nothing compared to what many others have suffered .
I 've come to believe that realization is not the only purpose of a dream .
Their most important purpose is to connect with the place that the dreams come from , where the dreams comes from , where the passion comes from .
Until a broken dream can do that for you .
And it 's because of the books that I 'm here today , happy , living again with purpose and clearly , most of the time .
So the books will always join you .
Thank you .
Thank you .
When I was in my <unk> , I saw my first client of psychotherapy .
I was a Ph.D. student in clinical psychology in Berkeley .
She was a <unk> woman named Alex .
Alex walked into the first session wearing jeans and a <unk> , threw on my office on my office and said he wanted to talk about his problems with men .
When I heard this , I was so relieved .
My class mate had a former customer roommate .
And I was a <unk> I wanted to talk about men .
I thought I could handle it .
But I did n't .
With the <unk> stories that Alex led to the sessions , it made me easy to move the head while we would get the solution to the solution .
Narrator : The 30s are new 20 , '' he said Alex , and so I was right .
You start working afterwards , you 're home after , you have kids later , to death happens later .
For <unk> , I had a lot of time .
But shortly after , my supervisor 's pushed me to press Alex who would talk about his loving life .
I stood up .
I said , `` Sure , it 's coming out with guys below his category , he sits down with a <unk> , but it 's not like it was to marry him . ''
And then my supervisor said , `` Not yet , but maybe you marry the next .
Also , the best time to work in the marriage of Alex is before they marry . ''
This is what psychologists call a `` Aha ! ''
It was when I realized the 1930s are not the new <unk> .
Yes , people feel head after what they used to , but this did n't make the <unk> of Alex being a pause in its development .
This made the <unk> of Alex were the perfect moment and we were wasting it .
So I realized that this kind of recklessness was a real problem , and it had real consequences , not only for Alex and his life , not just to Alex and his <unk> life , the families and the future <unk> future .
There 's 50 million <unk> in the United States today .
This means 15 percent of the population , or 100 percent if they think no one gets to adulthood without having to go before the <unk> .
Hands up if you 're in your <unk> .
I want to see the <unk> here .
Oh , yeah ! They 're amazing .
If you work with <unk> , they love a 20-year-old , you take away the sleep a 20-year-old , I want to see . Okay . Incredible , the <unk> matter .
This is not just my opinion . These are the facts .
We know that 80 percent of the key moments in life will happen to the 35 years .
This means that eight of every 10 decisions and experiences and `` Aha ! '' which give his life to you , you have to have 30 and so many .
People of over 40 , we do n't panic .
This public is going to be well , I think .
We know that the first 10 years of a career have an exponential impact on how much money they win .
We know that more than half of Americans are married , they live or are coming out with their future partner at 30 years .
We know that the brain ends up their second and last stage of growth in their <unk> and <unk> for adulthood , which means that if there 's something that you want to change yourself , now it 's the moment to change it .
We know that the personality changes more times during their <unk> than at any other time in life , and we know that female fertility comes to the 28th , and things become complicated at 35 .
<unk> are the time to get educated over their body and their choices .
When we think about the development of the child , we all know that the first five years are crucial for language and attachment in the brain .
It 's a moment where his daily life and common life has an impact on the person who will become .
But what we do n't hear often is that there 's something called adult development and our <unk> are a critical moment in adult development .
But this is not what <unk> are listening .
The newspapers talk about changes in the timeline of adulthood .
The researchers call them a extended adolescence .
journalists name them dumb names as <unk> and `` <unk> . ''
It 's true .
As a culture , we 've considered a triviality , which is actually the decade that defines adulthood .
Leonard Bernstein said that to make great things , you need a plan and not enough time .
Is n't it true ?
What do you think happens when you beat a 20-year-old in your head and say , `` You have another 10 years to start your life ? ''
Nothing happens .
They stole that person the sense of urgency and his ambition and it 's absolutely nothing happening .
And then every day , <unk> , interesting as you or your kids and my daughters come to my office and say something like this , `` I know that my boyfriend is not good for me , but this relationship does n't count . I 'm just killing time . ''
Or they say , `` Everybody says that while I start a career before 30 , everything will be fine . ''
But then it starts to sound like this : `` My <unk> are by <unk> , and I still have nothing to show .
I had better curriculum I graduated from college . ''
And then it starts to sound like this , `` My dating during the <unk> were like the game of the chairs .
And they were all running , but then at some point around 30 , the music went off and everybody started to sit down .
I did n't want to be the only one who was standing , so I sometimes think I married my husband because he was the nearest chair when he was 30 . ''
Where are the <unk> here ?
Do n't do that .
Well , that sounds kind of extreme , but no mistake , the risks are very high .
When you leave a lot of things for the 1930s , there 's an enormous pressure on the 30s and so many of you start a career , pick a city , pick a couple , and have two children or three children in a much more short time period .
Many of these things are n't compatible , and there 's research that starts to show , which is much more difficult and stressful to do everything at once to the 1930s .
The middle-aged crisis is not about buying red sports cars .
It 's about realizing you ca n't have the career you want now .
Do n't realize you ca n't have the son you want now , or you ca n't give you a brother to your son .
Many <unk> and <unk> you see themselves , and I was sitting in the room , and they talk about their <unk> , `` What was I doing ? What was I thinking ? ''
I want to change what the <unk> are doing and thinking .
Here 's a story about how it might be .
It 's a story about a woman named Emma .
At 25 , Emma came to my office because he was , in his own words , having an identity crisis .
He said he would like to work in art or entertainment , but you still could n't decide , so I spent the last few years working as a <unk> .
As it was cheaper , he lived with a boyfriend that showed more valuable than ambition .
And even though we live a very difficult task , their previous life had been even more difficult .
They were often <unk> in our sessions , but then they 'd get up by herself by saying , `` You do n't choose your family , but you can choose your friends . ''
Well , one day Emma got his head over his legs and wept for almost every hour .
I had just bought a new book book , and I had had the entire morning with his many contacts , but then he was watching the empty space that goes on after the words `` In case of emergency , please call ... ''
He was about the hysteria when he saw me and said , `` Who 's going to be for me if I have a car accident ?
Who is going to take care of me if it gives me cancer ? ''
At that moment , it took me a lot of work to resist and not say , `` Aye . ''
What Emma needed was not a <unk> that really worried about .
Emma needed a better life , and I knew this was his opportunity .
I had learned a lot since I worked with Alex as to just sit while the greatest kill of Emma was going ahead .
So for the next few weeks , and months , I said to Emma three things that every week , man or woman , deserves to know .
First , I said to him , Emma who was forgotten about that identity crisis and <unk> identity capital .
For identity capital , I mean doing something to add value to your person .
Doing something that 's an investment in what you want to be after .
I did n't know the future of Emma 's career , and nobody knows the future of the work , but I do know this : identity capital generates capital capital .
So now it 's time for that job from the other side of the country , from that business that you want to try .
I 'm not crossing <unk> exploration , I 'm crossing the exploration that I should n't tell , that , by the way , it 's not exploration .
It 's <unk> .
I said to Emma that I would explore jobs and make them count .
Second , I told him that the urban tribes are <unk> .
The best friends are great to take you back to the airport , but the ones that get together with friends with minds that are similar to whom you know , what you know , what they think about , how they 're talking about , and where they 're working .
That new piece of capital , that new person who 's going to come out almost comes from its closest circle .
The new things come from what they 're called weak ties friends of friends ' friends .
Yes , half of the <unk> have a bad job , or they do n't have a job .
But the other half no , and the weak links are the way to bring them into this group .
Half the jobs had never been released , then , knowing the head of your neighbor 's chief is how to get a job that was not published .
It 's not cheating . It 's the science of how the information is happening .
Finally , not least , Emma believed that you do n't choose your family , but I know your friends .
This was true when I was growing up , but like <unk> , Emma soon attempted to his family , when he has a partner and form his own family .
I said to him that the time to choose his family had come .
You may think that 30 is better age to sit than the 20 or even 25 , and I agree with you .
But choose to the person you live in , or now we 'll get married now when everybody on Facebook are starting to walk towards the priest is not progress .
The best time to work in your marriage is before you have it , and that means being as intentional in love as you are at work .
<unk> your family must be a conscious choice of who , and what they want instead of just making or kill time with anyone who chooses you .
So what happened with Emma ?
Well , we looked at that directory , and she found a quarter of a cousin who was working in an art museum in another state .
This weak bond helped him get a job there .
That labor supply gave him a reason to leave the boyfriend , who was alive .
Now , five years later , there is special event event in museums .
This married man with a man who chose consciously .
She loves her new career , he loves her new family , and I send a letter to say , `` Now the emergency works of emergency care are not big enough . ''
Emma 's story may sound easy , but that 's what I love about working with <unk> .
It 's very easy to help them .
<unk> are like airplanes coming from Los Angeles airport , that they go out somewhere in the west .
Just before the takeoff , a slight adjustment in its trajectory makes the difference between landing in Alaska or in Fiji .
In the same way , at 21 or 25 and even 29 , a good conversation , a good break , a good TED Talk can have huge effects in the years or even the next generations .
Here 's my idea of spreading all the <unk> that you know .
It 's as simple as what I learned to say to Alex .
It 's what I 'm privileged now to say to <unk> as Emma every day : <unk> are not the new <unk> , they would cut their age , get identity capital , use their weak bond , choose your family .
Do n't stop define what they did n't know or what they did n't do .
They 're deciding their life today .
Thank you .
When I was 27 years old , I left a very <unk> job in management consulting for a job that was even more demanding : the faculty .
I was to teach them math at seventh grade students in New York City in New York City .
And as any teacher , I applied for tests and testing .
I gave them tasks .
When the job went back , I would follow grades .
What struck me the attention was the only difference between my best and worst students .
Some of the ones who had better performance did n't have a better performance test .
Some of my smartest kids were n't doing so well .
And that got me thinking .
The kinds of things you need to learn in mathematics in seventh grade , secure , are difficult : ratios , <unk> , the area of a given situation .
But these concepts are n't impossible , and I was very convinced that every one of my students could learn the lesson if they worked hard and during enough time .
After several years , I came to the conclusion that what we need in education is a better understanding of students and learning from a motivational perspective , from a psychological perspective .
In education , the only thing we know how to measure the best way .
It 's the <unk> , but what if you 're successful in school and life depends on a lot more than the ability to learn how to learn how quickly and easy ?
So I left the classrooms and went to college to become a psychologist .
I started studying kids and adults in all kinds of challenging scenarios , and every study my question was , who 's successful here and why ?
My research team and I went to the West American Academy .
We 're trying to predict what we 're going to do in the military training and who they 're going to do .
We went to the National <unk> , and we tried to predict what children would be as far as possible in the competition .
We studied teachers who are working in the neighborhoods that are really difficult , how teachers are still teaching for the end of the school year and of those , who will be the more effective at improving the results of their students 's learning ?
We partnered with private companies , asking , which of these marketers are going to keep their job job ?
And who 's going to make more money ?
In all these very different contexts , it emerged a feature as a major predictor of success .
And it was n't social intelligence .
It was n't the good appearance , the physical health , and it was n't the I.Q . .
It was determination .
Determination is passion and perseverance to achieve very long term .
determination is to have resistance .
Media is clinging to their future , day after day , not just a week , not only for the month , but for years and working really hard to make that future a reality .
determination is to live life as if it was a marathon , not a sprint .
A few years ago , I started studying determination in the public schools of Chicago .
I asked thousands of high school students to make my determination of determination and then waited for more than a year to see those who are <unk> .
It turns out that kids with more determination had significantly greater chance of graduate , even when the paired in every feature I could measure , things like family income , the results of standardized tests , even the security that they felt when they were in school .
So it 's not just the West Point or the National <unk> of <unk> where it matters . It 's also in school , especially for children at risk of <unk> .
For me , the most shocking thing about determination is how little we know , how little science knows about development .
Every day , parents and teachers ask me , `` How do you change determination in the children ?
What should I do to teach kids a solid job ethic ?
How do I keep them motivated for the long term ? ''
The most honest answer is : I do n't know . What I know is that talent does n't give them determination .
Our data shows very clearly that there are many talented individuals that just do n't go forward with their commitments .
In fact , in our data , you 're commonly related to , or it 's even related to talent measures .
So far , the best idea I 've heard about developing determination in children is something called `` growth mindset . ''
This is an idea that was developed at Stanford University by Carol <unk> , and it 's the belief that the ability to learn is not fixed , that it can change with the effort .
Dr. <unk> has shown that when the kids read and learn about the brain , and how it changes and it 's growing in response to the challenge , they 're much more likely to pay when they do n't believe that failure is a permanent condition .
So the growth mindset is a great idea to develop determination .
But we need more .
And that 's where I 'm going to end up with my speech , because that 's where we are .
That 's the work we have in front of .
We need to take our best ideas , our strongest intuitions , and we need to test them .
We need to measure whether we 've been successful , and we need to be willing to fail , to start getting away , to start all over again with the lessons that I learned .
In other words , we need to be determined about making our kids more determined .
Thank you .
It was <unk> in Taiwan as the daughter of a <unk> , one of my <unk> memories is my mother <unk> beauty , shape and figure out of the Chinese character .
Since that moment , I was obsessed with this incredible language .
But for a foreign stranger , it seems to be as impenetrable as China is China .
In the last few years , I 've been wondering if I can bring down this wall , so that whatever you want to understand and appreciate the beauty of this sophisticated language can do that .
I started thinking about how a new method and fast learning could be helpful .
Since I was five years old , I started to learn how to draw every single character of every character in the right sequence .
I learned new characters every day for the next 15 years .
Because we only have five minutes , it 's better than we do it in a faster , simple way .
One Chinese academic has been <unk> 20,000 characters .
You only need a thousand to understand basic literacy .
The first 200 of them will allow you to understand 40 percent of the basic literature , just enough to read traffic signals , <unk> menus , understand the basic idea of web pages or newspapers .
I 'm going to start with eight to show you how the method works .
Are you ready ?
You open your mouth as much as possible until I 'm square .
You get a mouth .
This is a person who 's going to take a walk .
<unk> .
If the form of fire is a person on both sides , as if it was screaming differently , `` <unk> ! I 'm burning ! '' This symbol is actually originally in the form of the flame , but I like to believe it 's in the other way .
This is a tree .
tree tree tree tree tree .
This is a mountain .
The sun .
The moon .
The door symbol looks like a couple of doors of a <unk> in the old West .
I call these eight characters .
They 're building blocks so that they create a lot more characters .
One person .
If someone walks behind , that 's `` going . ''
As the old said , two are a company , three are a crowd .
If one person stretch their arms , this person is saying , `` It was that big . ''
The person inside the mouth is caught up .
It 's a prisoner , such as <unk> inside the whale .
A tree is a tree . Two trees together , we have a forest .
Three trees together , we have the forest .
Put a board underneath the tree , we have the foundations .
Put a mouth on the tree , that 's an idiot . Easy to remember , because a <unk> tree is pretty stupid .
Remember the fire ?
Two fires together , it 's very hot .
Three fires together , that 's a lot of flames together .
Put the fire under the two trees , that 's burn .
For us , the sun is the source of prosperity .
Two suns together , thriving .
Three together , those are flashes .
Put the sun and the shining moon together , that 's the brightness .
It also means tomorrow , after one day and one night .
The sun comes over the horizon .
A door . Put a board inside the door , is the dishwasher of the door .
Put a mouth inside the door , asking questions .
<unk> , is there anybody at home ?
This person is coming out hidden from a door , fleeing , <unk> .
On the left , we have a woman .
Two women put together , they 're arguing .
Three women together , are careful , is adultery .
So we 've gone through almost 30 characters .
By using this method , the first eight radicals will allow them to build 32 .
The next group of eight characters will build other 32 .
So with every little effort , they will be able to learn a couple of hundred characters , which is the same thing that you learn a Chinese eight-year-old .
So after knowing the characters , we started creating sentences .
For example , mountain and fire together , we have a fire of fire . It 's a volcano .
We know that Japan is the land of the rising sun .
This is a sun put with the origin , because Japan is east of China .
So a sun next to the origin , we create Japan .
One person behind Japan , what do we have ?
A Japanese person .
The character on the left are two mountains stacked up over the other .
In the ancient China , that meant in exile , because the Chinese <unk> <unk> their political enemies beyond the mountains .
Today , exile has become coming out .
A mouth that tells you where it 's going to be a exit .
This is a slide to remind me that I should stop talking and down the stage . Thank you .
What I prefer to be dad is the films I get to see .
I love to share my favorite films to my kids , and when my daughter was four , we saw the Wizard of Oz together .
The film took his imagination for months .
His favorite character was <unk> , of course .
He gave a good excuse to use a brilliant dress and lead a magic wand .
But when you see that film , so many times , you get to understand it 's extraordinary .
We now live and we raised our children into a kind of a complex child 's computer shows .
However , the Wizard of Oz was an event itself .
It did n't start that trend .
The trend really took over 40 years later with , interestingly enough , another film whose protagonists , an metal guy , and a <unk> boy <unk> a girl dressed as a enemy guard .
You know what I 'm talking about ? Yes .
There 's a big difference between these two movies , there 's a couple of big differences between the Wizard of Oz and all the films that we see today .
One is that there 's very little violence in the magician of Oz .
The monkeys are pretty aggressive , like the apple .
But I think if the Wizard of Oz does this today , the magician would say , Dorothy , you 're the salvation of Oz as the prophecy that predicted .
You use magic shoes to beat armies into the computer of evil <unk> .
But that 's not what happens .
Another unique thing about the Wizard of Oz is that the most heroic , wise characters and even villains are women .
I started to notice this when I did `` Star Wars '' to my daughter , a few years later , and the situation was different .
At that time , I had a son .
It 's just three years old .
It was n't invited to the projection because it was still very small for that .
But it was the second child , and the oversight level had gone down , so slid in the room and he was just impressed in the room and he was kind of , I do n't think he understood what was going on , but , indeed , he would promote everything .
I wonder what he perceived .
Would you be themes of value , resilience and loyalty ?
Would you feel that Luke got an army to overthrow government ?
So let 's contrast this with Craig 1939 's magician .
How did he win his film ?
We 're doing good <unk> with everyone and a <unk> .
It 's the kind of world that I want my kids to grow to grow , right ? And not a world of men who fight , which is where we are .
Why is there so much <unk> capital force in the movies for our kids , and so little of the yellow bricks path ?
There 's a lot of literature about the impact of male violence movies in girls , and they should read it . It 's very good .
I have n't read so much about how kids react to this stimulus .
Now , I know that the <unk> princess does n't give me the right framework that I had served to navigate the world of the adults that he 's blended . I think at the moment of the first kiss , I really expected the credit , because it 's the end of the movie , right ?
My search is done , I have girlfriend .
Why are you standing there ?
I do n't know what I should do .
The movies focused on defeat the villain and getting their reward , and they do n't leave time for other relationships or other adventures .
It 's almost like a kid , you have to be a dumb animal , and if you 're a girl , you have to use a warrior 's suit .
There are lots of exceptions , and defend the Disney princess to any of you .
But they send a message to the kids , even though they , the kids , are not really their target public .
They do a phenomenal job teaching girls how to defend girls how to defend them against the patriarchy , but they do n't necessarily show kids how to defend themselves in the patriarchy .
There 's no model for them .
We also have some great women who write new stories for our children , so real and charming as <unk> and <unk> , but they do n't stop being movies .
Of course , the most successful subject of all time continues to come up in classic after classic , each of them about the adventures of a child or a man , or two men who are friends , or a man and his son , or two men who are raising a child .
Until , as many of you are thinking , this year , eventually came <unk> .
I recommend all of you . It 's available in stores .
Do you remember what the criticism said when he came up ?
I ca n't believe that Pixar is made a movie from a princess .
It 's very good . Do n't let that stop !
Well , almost none of these films passes the <unk> test .
I do n't know if you 've heard about this .
It 's still not visible , and it 's already spreading , but maybe we 're going to start a movement .
<unk> <unk> is a comic book artist , and in the mid-'80s , I recorded a conversation I had with a friend about the movies of the films that you saw .
And it 's very simple . There 's just three questions you have to do : in the movie , there 's more than a female character who has lines ?
So , you have to fulfill the requirement .
These women talk to each other at some point in the movie ?
Their conversations are about something more than the kid who like it ? Okay ? Thank you . Thank you very much .
Two women who exist and they talk about things .
It happens . I 've seen it , and yet I rarely see it in the cinema we know and love .
In fact , this week , I went to see a very good quality , <unk> film .
Right ? <unk> of Oscar , <unk> success , a idea of consensus from what a Hollywood movie is .
Virtually , it does n't happen to the <unk> test .
And I do n't think it should , because a lot of the film , I do n't know if you 've seen it , a lot of the film happens in an embassy where men and women are hidden during the hostage crisis .
We have a lot of scenes from men who have deep and painful conversations in this spot , and it 's the great time for one of the actors to get a look at the door and say , you come to bed , honey ?
This is Hollywood .
So let 's go through the numbers .
In 2011 , of the 100 more popular films , how many of them believe they have female protagonists ?
Eleven . It 's not wrong .
It 's not the same percentage that the number of women we 've chosen recently for Congress , then it 's okay .
But there 's a bigger number than this one that 's going to disappoint this room .
Last year , The New York Times published a study that the government had done .
This is what he said .
In the United States , one in five women says it 's been sexually assaulted , ever in his life .
I do n't think it 's the fault of mass entertainment .
I do n't think the movies for kids to do something to do with that .
I do n't believe that the music videos or pornography are closely linked , but something is wrong , and when I hear that statistic , one of the things I think is that there 's a lot of sexual <unk> .
Who are those guys ? What are these guys learning ?
What do n't you get to learn ?
They 're <unk> the story that the role of a male hero is to defeat the villain with violence , and then you charge the reward , which is a woman who has no friends and does n't speak ?
Are we <unk> that story ?
You know , like a father with the privilege of raising a daughter as those of you who are doing the same thing , we found this world , and this very alarming statistic and we want to get it out .
Do we have tools at our disposal like <unk> <unk> , and we hope that that will help , but I have to ask , do I have to ask yourself , do you think , at the same time , active or passively , are we educating our children to keep their male power ?
I mean , I think the Netflix list is a way of doing something really important , and here I mean mainly the parents .
I think we have to show our kids a new definition of manhood .
The definition of masculinity is radically changing .
You 've read about how the new economy is changing the role that they care about home and <unk> .
Everything is changing .
When I asked my daughter , what was his favorite son of Star Wars , you know what he said ?
<unk> .
<unk> <unk> and <unk> .
What are these two ?
Maybe it 's not just the brilliant dress .
I think they 're experts .
I think these are the two people in those films that know more than anyone , and they love to share their knowledge with other people to help them reach their potential .
They are leaders .
I like that kind of stories for my daughter , and I like that kind of stories for my son .
I want more stories like that .
I want less stories in which my son is telling my son : Go and fight only and more stories where they saw their work is to join a team , maybe a team led by women , helping other people better and become better people , like the magician of Oz .
Thank you .
As a child , I was living in Maine , and one of the things I 'd most like I was looking for sea cookies on the coast of Maine because my parents told me that I would be lucky .
But you know , it 's hard to find these shells .
They 're covered in sand , and it 's hard to see them .
However , over time , I got used to look for them .
I began to look at shapes and patterns that helped me do .
This became a passion for finding things , in love for the past and the archaeology .
And finally , when I started studying <unk> , I realized that I saw my own eyes not enough .
Because , suddenly , in Egypt , my little beach in Maine had grown up to one of nearly 1,300 miles long along the Nile .
And my sea cookies had grown up to the size of cities .
This is really what led me to use satellite imagery .
To try to do a map of the past , I knew I had to do otherwise .
So I want to show you an example of how different we see by using infrared .
This is a place located in the eastern Delta of Egypt called <unk> .
And the place , the naked eye seems to be brown , but when we use infrared , and we process it using fake color , suddenly the place looks like bright pink .
What you 're seeing is the real chemical changes of the landscape caused by construction materials and activities of ancient Egyptians .
I want to share with you how we 've used satellite data to find an ancient city , called <unk> , missing for thousands of years .
<unk> was the ancient capital of Egypt for over 400 years in a time period called the Middle Empire about 4,000 years ago .
The place sits in <unk> , Egypt , and it 's really important because in the Middle Empire , there was this great renaissance of old Egyptian art , architecture and religion .
<unk> have always known that I was located somewhere near the pyramids of the two kings that they built , you know , indicated within the red circles here , but somewhere within this huge pipe of deluge .
This area is huge , it 's about six miles per mile .
Before , the Nile <unk> right next to <unk> , and as he changed over time , he moved to the time , and covered the city .
So how do you find a city surface in a large landscape ?
And I 'll try to find it at random would be the equivalent of looking for a needle in a haystack , blindfolded , using baseball gloves .
So , we use NASA data to make a map of the place , with very subtle changes .
We were able to see where the Nile did .
But you can see more closely , and it 's even more interesting , this slightly elevated area that looks inside the circle here , that we thought it could be the location of <unk> .
So we collaborated with the Egyptian scientists doing it , and they can see it here .
When I say sampling , it 's like you take the shots in ice , but instead of climate change layers , we look for layers of human occupation .
About five meters below , under a thick layer of slime , we found a dense layer of pottery .
This means that in this possible location of <unk> , five meters below , we have a layer of occupation from several hundred years that date out of the Middle Empire exactly the same period that we think is <unk> .
We also found <unk> jobs -- <unk> , quartz and cat -- which shows that there was a jewelry shop .
This might seem that it 's not a lot , but when we think about the most common stones , the most common stones in the Middle Empire , these are the stones that were used .
So , we have a dense layer of occupation than talking about the Middle Empire in this place .
We also have evidence of an elite jewelry shop that shows that what 's been there , was a very important city .
We still did n't find any <unk> here , but we 're going to go back to the place in a near future to localize it .
And even more importantly , we have the resources to train young Egyptians in the use of satellite technology so that they can also perform discoveries .
I want to end with my favorite quote from the Middle Empire , probably written in <unk> 4,000 years ago .
And sharing knowledge is the highest of all <unk> .
There 's nothing like that on Earth .
So according to it , TED was not founded in 1984 <unk> C .
Do ideas were really happening in 1984 B.C . A lost city not for a long time , and found out of the high city .
It actually puts the search for plastic shells in perspective .
Thank you very much .
Thank you .
I want to invite you to close your eyes .
Imagine standing outside , front of the <unk> door .
I 'd like you to pay attention to the color of the door , to the material that 's made .
Now we 've got a group of <unk> obese and bicycles .
They 're competing in a bike race , and they 're going into their door door .
I need you to look at this .
They 're loud , they 're sweating , they 're sweating a lot .
They collide with the door of your house .
There 's bicycles flying over all over the place , wheels that go on on their side , rays of the wheels that end up in <unk> places . Come on the threshold threshold .
To the lobby , to the hallway , or what 's on the other side of the door , and look at the quality of the light , the light is shining on the <unk> of the <unk> .
He 's waving with your hand .
From their chair , on a brown horse .
It 's a horse that talks about .
You can feel their blue fur by tickle your nose .
You can smell the porridge cookie , and you 're going to be about to go into the mouth .
Come on one side and go into his living room .
Already in the room , and making most of his imagination , imagine Britney Spears .
It 's with little clothes , dancing on his center table , singing `` <unk> A A Time More . ''
Now follow me in the kitchen .
The ground has been coated with a yellow bricks path , and from the oven to you come to you Dorothy , the <unk> Man , the <unk> and the Wizard of `` The Wizard of Oz , '' <unk> off the hands , jumping up .
Okay . Open your eyes .
I want to tell you about a peculiar contest that takes place in New York City .
It 's called the U.S. <unk> of America .
I went to cover this event a few years ago , as a scientific journalist , waiting , I guess , like the end of an <unk> of wise .
There were several men and a few ladies from different ages and different habits of hygiene .
They were memorizing hundreds of random numbers , looking at them just once .
We were taking the names of dozens and tens of strangers .
<unk> poems in just minutes .
<unk> to see who could memorize them much more quickly the order of a deck of cards .
And I was thinking , `` This is incredible . ''
These people have to be a phenomenon of nature .
And I started talking to some of the competitors .
This is a man named Ed Cook who had come from England and he has a better trained memories .
I said , `` Ed , when you realized you were a wise ? ''
Ed replied , `` I 'm not a wise .
Actually , I have an average memory .
Everybody who participate in this competition says they have normal memory .
`` We 've been trained to perform these miraculous acts of memory using some ancient techniques , invented 2,500 and ago in Greece , the same techniques that he used Cicero to memorize their speeches , and the medieval academics used to memorize books together . ''
And my reaction was , `` Wow . How did I n't hear about this before ? ''
And we were standing outside the room of the competition , and Ed , who 's a wonderful , brilliant English man , although a little bit of a bit of a bit of a bit , said , `` Josh , you 're an American journalist .
You know Britney Spears ? ''
And I said , `` What ? No , why ?
`` Because I 'd like to teach Britney Spears how they memorize the order into a deck of cards live live , on national television .
That would try to the world anybody can do it . ''
And I said , `` Well , I 'm not Britney Spears , but maybe you can teach me .
You have to start with something right ? ''
And that was the beginning of a very strange journey for me .
I ended up spending most of the year 's year , not just training my memory , but also <unk> , trying to understand how it works , why sometimes it does n't work and what your potential is .
I met a lot of really interesting people .
This is a man called <unk> .
He 's <unk> , very likely to make the worst memory in the world .
His memory was so bad that it did n't even remember it had a memory problem ; it 's amazing .
Someone incredibly tragic , but it was a window that allows us to see until our memory point makes us who we are .
At the other end of the spectrum , I met this man .
This is Kim <unk> . He was based on the role of Jurassic Hoffman in the movie `` Rain Man . ''
We went through a afternoon together in the Salt Lake City in Salt Lake City , memorizing phone books ; it was wasted .
And by coming back , I read a bunch of treaties on the written memory about 2,000 years ago in Latin , in the <unk> and then in the Middle Ages .
And I learned a lot of really interesting things .
One of the most interesting things I 've learned is that there was a time where this idea of having <unk> and disciplined memory was n't just as rare as you can look like this today .
A long time ago , people would invest in their memory , to provide their minds .
These techniques have made us possible our modern world , but they also have changed .
They have become culturally changed , and I would say that they have changed also cognitively .
As we almost do n't have need to remember , sometimes it seems like we 've forgotten how to do it .
One of the last places on our planet where there is still passionate people about this idea of a <unk> , disciplined memory , and grown is this very unique competition of memory .
It 's not really so unique ; there 's skills like this around the world .
I was fascinated , I wanted to know how these people do .
A few years ago , a group of researchers at University College invited a memory champions , the lab .
They wanted to know : Is it that you have brains in some way , it 's structural , or how much of the rest of us ?
The answer was , no .
Are they smarter than the rest ?
They gave them a cognitive test battery , and the answer was actually , not .
There were yet a really interesting , meaningful difference between the brains of the memory champions and the control of the control that we compared them .
When they put them in an MRI machine , they <unk> their brains as they were putting numbers together , faces and forms of snow champions , they found that in memory champions , they would take parts of the brain , different parts of the brain .
They actually used , or they seemed to be used , a part of the brain that involves spatial memory and navigation .
Why ? Is there something we could learn from this ?
The tournament on competitive memorizing is driven as an armed race where each year comes up with a new way of remembering more things , faster , and then the rest of the competitors must be put on a day .
This is my friend Ben <unk> , three times a memory champion .
On his desk , in front of him , there 's 36 <unk> of playing cards that he 's about to try to memorize in an hour , using a technique that he invented and that he just mastered .
He used a similar technique to memorize the precise order of random binary order .
It 's half an hour . Yeah .
And while there 's a lot of ways to remember things in these skills , absolutely all the techniques used to the end , just cut to a single concept that psychologists call <unk> coding .
It 's done with a elegant paradox known as the `` <unk> '' paradox , says the following : I tell two people that remember the same word , I tell you , `` Remember there 's a man called Baker . ''
That 's his name .
And then I 'm asking you , `` Remember there 's a <unk> . ''
And when I go back later , and I ask them , `` Remember that word I told you a while ago ? ''
`` Remember what was it ? ''
The person who was told that his name is Baker is unlikely to remember the same word that the person who said that their job is `` <unk> . ''
The same word , different capacity of memory -- that 's weird .
What 's going on here ?
Well , the name of the name does n't really mean anything for you .
With all the other memories they dance for their head .
But the word `` <unk> '' -- we know the bakers .
They use <unk> white hats .
They have flour .
They were okay when they come back home to work .
You probably know a baker .
And when we got that word for the first time , we started putting <unk> <unk> to <unk> at some point later .
One of the most elaborate techniques to do this data from 2,500 years ago in Ancient Greece .
It 's called the memory of the memory .
The story says , `` There was a poet called <unk> that I attended to a potluck . ''
They had hired him as entertainment , because before , if he wanted to give a very good party , he did n't bring it to a DJ , he would hire a poet .
He stood up , he risked his memory poem , and left , and so soon it was , the homework salon was collapsed .
So killing everyone .
But it did n't only kill everyone , but shattered the bodies left <unk> .
Nobody could say who was there , no one could remember where they were sitting .
So you could n't afford them .
A tragedy behind the other .
<unk> , you stand out , only survivor , in the middle of the rubble , closed your eyes and realized that with his mind , I could see where he had been sitting every guest .
I took the family of the hand to <unk> where their loved ones were between the rubble .
What 's going to pick up at that moment is something that we all know more or less intuitively , and it is that no matter if we 're not good at remembering names or phone numbers or instructions , word for our colleagues , we have visual memory and space memory .
If you were going to give you the first 10 words of the story I just told you about <unk> , it 's very likely to find it very difficult to do it .
But I 'm willing to bet that if you tell you to say who I was sitting on the horse <unk> , in your lobby , you would be able to <unk> .
The idea of the palace of memory is to create this building with the eyes of his mind and images of images with the things that you want to remember . The more crazy , crazy , funny , <unk> and <unk> is the picture , more memorable .
This is a advice that comes from over 2,000 years ago , to the first <unk> of memory , in Latin .
And how does it work ?
Let 's say you 've been invited to the TED stage to give a talk , and they want to make it memory , in the same way that I would do it Cicero if you had had invited it to you , you know , 2,000 years ago .
What you might do is imagine you 're at the door of your house .
And to come up with some sort of absolutely ridiculous , crazy , unforgettable image to help you to remember that the first thing you want to mention is that competition completely remixable .
And then you can imagine entering your house , and see the <unk> of the <unk> mounted on Mister Ed .
And that would remind you that you want to introduce Ed Cook .
And then they would see Britney Spears and remind Britney that funny anecdote .
And then they entered the kitchen , and the fourth topic that they would talk would be that strange journey that they did for a whole year , and have some friends to help them remember it .
So it 's like Roman speakers -- their speeches , not word for word , which will confuse it , but typical .
In fact , the term `` typical '' comes from the Greek <unk> , which means `` place . ''
It 's a remnant of when people thought about speaking , and in rhetoric with this sort of spatial terms .
The phrase `` First of all , '' it would be like the first place in his memory palace .
I saw this was just fascinating , and I got into it .
I went to some of these memory memory and had the idea of writing a long thing about this subculture of competitive <unk> .
But there was a problem .
The problem was that a memory competition is a pathologically boring event .
Seriously , it 's like seeing a lot of people sitting taking tests , and I mean , the most exciting thing that happens is when someone gets stuck in front of it .
I 'm a journalist , and I need to be able to write about something .
I know there are amazing things happening in these people 's minds , but I do n't have access .
I realized that if I was going to tell this story , I needed to try to put myself in place .
So I started spending 15 or 20 minutes every morning , before I sit in the New York Times , just trying to remember something .
Maybe a poem , or the names of an ancient educational yearbook , bought a market of <unk> .
And I discovered this was <unk> fun .
I would never have expected it to be .
It was fun , because it was n't just about training the memory .
What it 's really about doing is better better and more capacity to create and imagine these ridiculous , ridiculous , <unk> , <unk> , absurd , and hopefully <unk> , in the eye of mind .
I was hooked quite up with this .
This is me , using my standard training equipment for memory competition .
It 's a couple of <unk> and a pair of security covers , covered with just two <unk> , because distraction is the worst enemy of memory competitor .
And I ended up coming back to the same contest that I had covered a year before , and I had the idea that I could go into a kind of participatory journalism experiment .
I thought this could be good epilogue for all of my research .
The problem was that the experiment came out of control .
And I won the competition , something that did n't have to happen .
Of course it 's cute to be able to memorize speeches , and phone numbers , and shopping lists , but actually this is not the point .
These are just tricks .
Because they 're based on very basic principles of how the brain works .
And you do n't need to build <unk> of memory or memorize <unk> of cards , to benefit from a little bit of insight into how your mind works .
We often talk about people with great memory as if it was about an innate gift , but it 's not the case .
Great memories are educated .
The most basic level , we remember when we pay attention .
Let 's focus on it when we focus deeply .
The palace -- these memory techniques , it 's just shortcuts .
In fact , they 're not even shortcuts .
They work because they 're <unk> .
And you 've got a kind of deep processing , a kind of full attention that most of you are n't going to be <unk> out there .
But the reality is there are no shortcuts .
That 's how things become memorable .
And if there 's one thing I want to leave you with today , it 's what I think of , the <unk> that I could n't even remember that I had a memory problem , I left me , which is the notion that life is the sum of our memories .
How much are we willing to lose from what 's already our short existence of existence on the Blackberries or iPhones , does not pay attention to the human being in front of us , who walk on our side . Will we be so afraid that we do n't even become a depth of it ?
I learned firsthand that there are incredible memory capabilities in all of us .
But if you want to live a memorable life , you must be the kind of person you remember to remember .
Thank you .
I 'm going to talk to you about the last 30 years of architecture history .
It 's a lot to cover in 18 minutes .
It 's a complex issue , so we would take a complex place : New Jersey .
Because 30 years ago , I 'm from the Jersey , I was six and lived there at my parents ' house in a village called <unk> , and this was my kid 's bedroom .
In the corner , from my bedroom , I was the toilet that shared with my sister .
And in my bedroom and the bathroom , there was a balcony that gave the living room .
And there everyone was looking at the telly and so every time I went from my room to the bathroom , I would all see me , and every time I got stuck and I wrapped up in a towel , everybody saw me .
And I was like this .
It was awkward , insecure and hated it .
He hated that balcony , hated that balcony , hated that room and that house .
That 's the architecture .
Okay .
Those feelings , those emotions that I felt , that 's the power of architecture , because architecture is not about mathematics , nor division of areas , but of those visceral and emotional connections , that we feel in the places we deal with .
And it 's no wonder that we feel like that , because according to the Environmental Protection Agency , Americans spend 90 percent of their time under ceiling .
So , 90 percent of the time we are surrounded by architecture .
That 's a lot .
Architecture determines us in ways we do n't even realize it .
That makes us a little naive , very , very predictable .
This means that when I show you a building like this , I know what you 're curious about : `` power '' and `` stability '' and `` democracy . ''
And I know they think about it because it 's based on a building for 2,500 years ago by the Greeks .
This is a trick .
It 's an <unk> that used architects to create an emotional connection with the ways we build our buildings .
It 's a predictable emotional connection ; we 've used this trick for a long , long time .
We use it 200 years to build banks .
We use it in the 19th century to build art museums .
And in the 20th century in the U.S. , we use it to build houses .
Look , these stable , stable , stable , in front of the sea , away from the elements .
This is very , very useful , because building things is terrifying .
It 's expensive , it takes a long time and it 's very complicated .
The people who build , the <unk> and governments , are always afraid of innovation , and they would prefer to use ways that are going to work .
So we found ourselves with buildings like this .
It 's a nice building .
It 's the Brazilian Public Library that was finished in 2004 , in my hometown , and , you know , it 's got a dome ; it 's got this round , columns , red brick , which they 're trying to communicate with this building : the kids , the property values , the story .
But it does n't have a lot to do with a library today .
That same year , in 2004 , the other side of the country , ended up another library , which looks like this .
It 's in Seattle .
This library shows how we use media in the digital age .
It 's a new kind of public equipment for the city , a place to meet and read and share .
So how is it possible that in the same year , in the same country , two buildings , both so-called libraries , are that completely different ?
And the answer is that architecture works at the beginning of the pendulum .
On one side is innovation ; the architects constantly drive new technologies , new backgrounds , new solutions for the forms of life .
We were teaching them , we were going to give them so much , that we 've got completely out of people .
All of the black , this is depressing to us . You think we feel good , but we 're dead inside because we have no option .
We need to go to the other side and go back to those appreciated symbols .
So we do it , and we 're all happy , but we 're all happy , but we 're all happy , and we do the pendulum back in the back , and over and over again , we 've done it in the last 300 years , and of course it 's in the last 30 years .
Well , 30 years ago we came out of the 1970s .
Architects were busy experiencing this called `` <unk> . ''
It has to do with concrete .
That 's what you can guess .
<unk> small , on scale .
Something really hard .
So we 're approaching the '80s , and we started to incorporate those symbols .
<unk> the pendulum again in the other direction .
We take those ways we know that you like and <unk> them .
It 's neon neon and we added pies , and we use new materials .
They love it .
We do n't give <unk> .
We took <unk> cabinets , and we turned them into skyscrapers , which can be able to be bluefin structures made of glass .
The shapes <unk> , they won in boldness and colorful .
<unk> became columns .
The swans grew up to the size of buildings .
insane .
But it was the '80s , that was great .
We all spent the time on commercial malls , we moved to neighborhoods , and there , in the suburbs , we can create our own architectural fantasies .
Those fantasies could be the Mediterranean , to the French , or the Italian .
You may have endless sticks with bread .
This is what happens to the <unk> .
This is what happens to the symbols .
They 're easy , they 're cheap , because instead of creating new spaces , recreating memories of other places .
I know very well , and all of you know that this is not the Tuscany .
This is Ohio .
Architects are feeling frustrated , and we started doing the pendulum again in the other direction .
In the '80s and early '90s and early '90s , we started to experience the <unk> called <unk> .
You know , the historical symbols , we now have new <unk> techniques on the computer , and we found ourselves with new compositions , a kind of ways that fits against other forms .
This is academic and <unk> , and it 's super <unk> ; you 're totally excluded .
Normally , the pendulum <unk> in the opposite direction .
But then something amazing happened .
In 1997 , this building opened up this building .
It 's the Guggenheim in Bilbao , Frank Gehry .
This building changed the relationship of the world with architecture .
Paul <unk> said that Bilbao was one of those weird moments when critical , academics and public in general , they agreed on a building .
The New York Times journal <unk> this miracle of silver .
The tourism tourism in Bilbao grew in a 2,500 percent when they finished the building .
So suddenly , everybody wanted one of those buildings : Los Angeles , Seattle , Chicago , New York , Cleveland , <unk> .
Everybody wanted one , and Gehry was everywhere .
He was our first star architect .
But how is it possible that these forms , wild and radical , how is it possible that they 're going to become ubiquitous around the world ?
And it happened , because the media was <unk> around them , and we quickly learned that those forms meant culture and tourism .
We 've created an emotional reaction with these shapes .
The same thing made the major mayors in the world .
So they all believed that if they had these shapes , they had culture and tourism .
This phenomenon of beginnings of the new millennium of the new millennium with other star architects .
It 's happened to computerized and at Libeskind , and what happened to these few elite architects at the new millennium threshold , actually began to go through all the architecture . The digital media started to increase the speed of information consumption .
Think , for example , how they use architecture .
A thousand years ago , you 'd have to have walked up to the next town to see a building .
The transportation goes faster : you can take a ship , an airplane , you can be a tourists .
Technology accelerates . You can see in the newspapers , on TV , and at the end , we are all photographers of architecture , and the building is carried beyond its physical location .
The architecture is everywhere now ; that means that the communications rate has finally reached the speed of architecture .
Because architecture moves so fast .
It 's not very accurate to think about a building .
It takes a lot of time to build a building , three or four years , and at that time , an architect can design two , eight , or 100 more buildings more , before knowing if he designed four years ago was a success or not .
Because there 's never been good feedback in architecture .
That 's how we find buildings like this .
<unk> was not a <unk> movement , but 20 years ago .
For 20 years , we were building buildings like this because we had no idea how much <unk> it .
That 's never going to happen . I think , because we 're on the threshold of the biggest revolution in architecture from the concrete of the concrete or steel or the elevator , and it 's the media revolution .
My theory is that when you apply the pendulum to the media , it starts swing faster and faster , until they will be on both extremes almost simultaneously , and they will effectively make the difference between innovation and a symbol , between us , architects , and you , the public .
Now we can do almost instantaneous symbols , with emotional charge , of something completely new .
Let me show you how the system works in a project that my company ended recently .
We were <unk> to replace this building that caught fire .
This is the center of a village called <unk> in Fire in the state of New York .
It 's a vacation community .
But that meant that two years before the building was completed , it was a part of the community , and as the drawings looked exactly at the end , no surprises .
The building came to be part of the community . That first summer , when people started coming and shared it in social media , the building stopped being a media building , because these are not just images from a building , it 's the images that you made from the building .
And as you use it to tell your story , they become part of the personal narrative , and that makes it <unk> with collective memory , and taking these symbols , we learn .
I mean , we do n't need the Greeks tell us how to think of architecture .
We can tell each other what we think of architecture , because digital media has not only changed the relationship between us , but have changed the relationship between us and the buildings .
Think about a second in those <unk> librarians .
If that building is built today , we were first going to be the Internet for `` new libraries . ''
We 'd be bombarded with examples of experimentation , of innovation , about what a library might be .
That 's ammunition .
<unk> that you can lead to the <unk> mayor , the <unk> people , and tell them that there are no single answer to what a library can be today .
Let 's be part of this .
This abundance of solutions gives the freedom to experience .
Everything is different now .
Architects are already not those mysterious creatures that use words and complicated pictures , and you 're not a hapless public that does n't embrace anything that I did n't see before .
Architects can listen , and you do n't let the architecture behind the architecture .
That means that the pendulum will be able to respond to another one , from one style to another , is irrelevant .
In fact , we can go ahead and find solutions right to the problems facing society .
This is the end of the history of architecture , and it means that the buildings in the morning will be very different from buildings today .
This means that a public space in the ancient city of <unk> can be unique and adapted to the measure of a modern city .
This means that a stadium in Brooklyn can be that , a stadium in Brooklyn , and not a bad <unk> historical <unk> on the basis of what a stadium should be .
This means that a few robots can build our buildings , because we will finally be ready for the shapes that they 're going to produce .
That means that the buildings will be restored to the whims of nature and not otherwise .
This means that a parking garage in Miami Beach , Florida , can also serve for sports or for yoga , or even you can marry at night .
This means that three architects can dream of swimming on the East River New York City , and raise half a million dollars of the community together around that cause , no longer a customer .
It means that no building is too small for innovation , like this little pavilion of <unk> , so bully and <unk> as the animals that are going to look at .
Because it does n't matter whether it 's a cow or a robot who builds our buildings .
It does n't matter how we build , what matters is what we build .
Architects already know how to make more green , smarter buildings .
We 've been waiting for all of you .
Finally , we 're no longer opposite sides .
Find an architect , <unk> and work together to make better buildings , better cities , for a better world , because there 's a lot in play .
The buildings not only reflect our society , but they give the shape to the smaller spaces , local libraries , the homes where we formed our kids , and the bedroom at the bathroom .
Thank you very much .
This is my niece , <unk> .
It just turned a year and started walking .
And he does it that great , typical of the children of a year , <unk> , as his body was moving too fast for their legs .
It 's totally precious .
And one of the things that I like to do for the moment is look in the mirror .
She really loves his reflection .
He laughs and <unk> , and it gives themselves these big kisses and wet kisses .
It 's beautiful .
Apparently , all of his friends do this , and my mom tells me I used to do this , and he made me think , When did you do this ?
How do we suddenly do n't really taste our appearance ?
Because , apparently , we do n't like it .
Every month , 10,000 people look at Google , `` Am I ugly ? ''
This is <unk> , it 's 13 years old and it lives in Denver .
And as any teenager , you just want to be loved and fit .
It 's Sunday at night .
You 're preparing for next week in school .
It 's a bit of fear , it 's a little bit confused , because , even though his mom tells him all the time it 's beautiful , every day in school , someone says he 's ugly .
What his mom tells him and what his friends , or school at school , says , does n't know who to believe .
So a video of her itself , he publishes it on YouTube , and you ask others that please leave a comment : `` Am I nice or I 'm ugly ? ''
Well , until now , <unk> has received over 13,000 comments .
Some of these are so disgusting , that it does n't even deserve to think about them .
We talk about a healthy , normal teenager , who receives these answers into one of the most vulnerable life stages .
Thousands of people are publishing videos like this , mostly teenage girls trying to communicate this way .
But what 's driving them doing this ?
Well , teenagers are almost never alone .
They 're under pressure of being online and available all the time , talking , <unk> , giving me `` I like , '' commenting , sharing , publishing , this never ends .
Never before we have been so connected , very instantaneous , very instantaneous , so young .
As a mother said to me , `` It 's like a party in your room every night . ''
There 's just no privacy .
And the social pressures that goes from hand with that are cold .
This environment , of being always connected , is <unk> our kids to <unk> based on the number of `` I like '' and the kind of comments they get .
There is no division between a life online and real life .
It 's really hard to know the differences between what it is or what it is not .
And it 's also very hard to know the difference between what 's authentic and what is manipulated digitally .
What is the most prominent in somebody 's life than normal in a daily context ?
And where are you looking for inspiration ?
Well , you can see the kind of images that are covers of the girls ' news .
Sub-Saharan zero continue to dominate our <unk> .
The <unk> technique is now routine .
And trends like , # <unk> , # <unk> and # <unk> .
For those of you who <unk> it , # <unk> means <unk> .
These trends are associated with women in popular culture today .
It 's not hard to see with what the young people looked at .
But they 're not immune to this .
Like the superhero stars , and the sports singers .
But what 's the problem with all this ?
Well , surely we want our kids to grow healthy , and they 're very <unk> individuals .
But in a <unk> culture , we 're teaching our kids to spend more time and mental effort on their appearance , at the price of all other aspects of their identity .
Things like their relationships , the development of their physical capabilities , their studies and other aspects begin to suffer .
Six of 10 girls prefer not to do something because you think you do n't see nice enough .
These are not trivial activities .
They are fundamental activities for growth as human beings , and as contributors to society and the field of labor development .
31 percent , almost one of every three teenagers are not interested in class arguments , and they 're going to be involved in the classroom arguments because they do n't want to call attention for your physical appearance .
One in five are not attending at all at all during the days when they 're not comfortable with it .
And in the testing season , if you do n't think you 're looking at good enough , specifically if you do n't think you 're thin enough , you 'll get a note at the average of your fellow people who do n't care about it .
And this phenomenon has been widespread in Finland .
It 's gone regardless of what these young people weigh these young people .
So , to be clear , we 're talking about you , not how you are really .
The low self-esteem on your body is raising academic performance .
And it 's also <unk> health .
<unk> with little self-esteem make less physical activity , they eat less fruits and vegetables , they 're participating in more healthy diets that can lead to a food disorder .
They have low self-esteem .
They 're more easily replaced by the people around them , and they 're at greatest risk of depression .
And we thought it 's because of all of this because of what they make more risky decisions , like alcohol consumption and drugs , fundamentally diets , aesthetic surgery , sex with early ages and no protection and damaged damage .
The perfect body is pushing the healthcare system , and our government costs billions of dollars every year .
And we 're not controlling it .
Women who think they are overweight again , regardless of whether or not they have no higher rates of lower rates .
17 percent of women do n't present to a job interview in a day where they do n't feel secure with the way you see .
Think for a moment in what this is doing to our economy .
If we could overcome this , what would be that opportunity ?
It 's an interest to each of us .
But how do we do that ?
Well , speaking , it does n't take you very far .
Not enough .
If you really want to change things , you have to do something .
And we 've learned that there are three key ways . The first is that we have to instill trust in their own body .
We have to help our teens develop strategies to overcome the pressure of perfect images and build their self-esteem .
The good news is that there are a lot of programs available to do that .
The bad news is that most of these do n't work .
I was very surprised when I learned that a lot of well-intentioned programs without realizing the situation .
So , we have to make sure that the program that we follow our children will not only have a positive impact , but also a lasting impact .
And research studies show that the best programs focus on six key areas . The first is the influence of family , friends and relationships .
These six aspects are set points for anyone willing to provide an education in body self-esteem that works .
An education is fundamental , but deal with this problem requires each of us that take the driver 's seat in the issue and we 're a better model to follow for women and girls in our own lives .
challenging the current status of the women are seen and mentioned in our circles .
It 's not good to tell the input of our <unk> politicians or the size of your breasts , or the size of your breasts , or the success of an Olympic athlete depends on the fact that it 's not a great beauty .
We need to start judge people for what they are , not as they look .
All of us can start by doing that taking responsibility for the kind of images and comments that we published in our social networks .
We can praise people based on their effort and their actions and not their appearance .
And let me ask you , when was the last time you would take a mirror ?
In short , we have to work together as communities , as governments , and as companies , to change our own culture , so that our children will grow up to the whole of their person , valuing individuality , diversity , inclusion .
We have to put the people who are actually making the difference on a pedestal .
To make a difference in the real world , let 's make them the ones that go out on the big screen , because it 's only going to create a different world .
A world where our children are free to become the best version of themselves , where the way they believe that they see the <unk> of being who they are , or reaching out what they want in their lives .
Think about what this can mean for someone in their lives .
Who are in mind ?
Is your wife ?
Your sister ?
A daughter ?
Would your niece ? A friend ?
Could it just be just the woman who 's going to two seats away . What would it mean for her if he was released from that voice , and it 's in her interior , that I 'm haunted by not having long legs , no more thin , <unk> belly , smaller feet ?
What would it mean for her if we did this , and would you get your potential in that way ?
Right now , the obsession with our culture with the imagery is holding us all together .
But let our kids the truth .
We assume that the way you see it is just one part of your identity , and that the truth is that we love them for those who are and what they do , and as they make us feel .
<unk> the self-esteem in our rsums .
Let 's change each of us , the way we talk about and compare to other people .
And it works together as a community , from small groups to governments , so that the small ones we are at a year of age today , becoming agents of security themselves tomorrow .
Let 's do it .
On November 5 , 1990 , a gentleman named <unk> <unk> went into a hotel in Manhattan and killed the rabbi Meir Meir , the leader of the Defense League of Defense <unk> .
<unk> was initially innocent , but being in prison for other minor office , in a company of others , started planning with attacks at some 12 cones in New York , including tunnels , synagogues , the United Nations headquarters .
And luckily , those plans were being taken by an FBI informant .
Sadly , the bomb of 1993 in the World Trade Center , could n't be avoided .
Later , he would be convicted of his participation in that bombing .
<unk> <unk> is my father .
I was born in Pittsburgh , Pennsylvania , in 1983 , being an Egyptian engineer , with a loving American mother , elementary school teacher ; between the two made everything possible for giving me a happy child .
Only when I was seven years old , our family started to change .
My father taught me a form of Islam , that very few , even most Muslims , they get to know .
For experience , I saw that when people take time to interact , they do n't need a lot to get to want the same things in life .
However , in all religion , in all of the human group , there 's always a small fraction of people who are going to become so counterintuitive to their convictions that thinks we need to use all the possible media to all live like them .
Few months before arrest , he sat down with me and explained to me that in the last weekends , he said that in the last weekend , he 'd been going to fire training in Long Island to practice .
He told me that I would go with him the next day .
We got to the <unk> <unk> , which , without knowing our group , was monitoring by the FBI .
When I played out , my father helped me hold the rifle on my shoulder and explained how to aim for about 30 meters .
That day , with the last bullet that shot I gave the little orange light on the target , and to surprise you all , especially my goal , the whole goal burst .
My uncle went back to others and in Arabic , he said `` <unk> <unk> . ''
As a parent , such a son .
All of all , the comment produced a lot of laughter , but just a few years later , I understood what they seemed so funny .
You saw in me , the same level of destruction that my father could cause .
Those people later would be convicted of putting a loaded with 700 pounds of explosives in the North Trade Center in the World Trade Center , causing an explosion that killed six people and hurt another 1,000 .
I admired those men .
He called them `` <unk> , '' which means to me .
When I turned 19 , I had moved 20 times . That instability in my childhood did n't allow me to do a lot of friendships .
Every time I started to feel comfortable close to somebody , it was moment to pack and go to another city .
As I was always me , the new face of the class was a victim of <unk> .
It was secret <unk> my identity to avoid being the white , but being the new of the class , quiet and a <unk> , was enough ammunition .
So most of the time I spent on the house reading books , watching TV or playing video games .
For these reasons , I did n't develop social skills , to say softly . It 's growing under <unk> , I was n't ready for the real world .
I was raised by <unk> , judging people , based on arbitrary indicators , like their race or their religion .
So how could I open your eyes ?
One of the first experiences that was tested , my way of thinking , was during the presidential elections in 2000 .
In a <unk> program , I was involved in the U.S. National Convention in Philadelphia .
My group was going to be stuck in the subject of juvenile violence , as I had been a <unk> victim almost all of my life , was something that I felt a lot of passion .
The members of this group came from various backgrounds .
One day , at the end of the convention , I discovered that one of the kids who we had made friendship , was Jewish .
It took several days to go out to light this detail , and I realized that there was nowhere between the two .
I never had a Jewish friend , and frankly , I felt very proud of having been able to beat the barrier that all of life had been asked to believe that he was <unk> .
Another crucial moment came when I got a summer job in Bush Gardens , an amusement park .
I found myself with people from all kinds of beliefs and cultures , and that experience was fundamental in the development of my character .
The whole life was taught me that the <unk> was a sin , and by extension , all gay people were bad influences .
By a chance , I had the opportunity to work with gay actors there , in a show , and I could see that several of them were the kinder and less critical ones I 'd seen in life .
Having been bullied , I developed a sense of empathy to the suffering of others , but it was n't easy for me to treat nice people , exactly the way I wish to be treated .
So that feeling I was able to contrast the stereotypes that I had taught me as a child , with the experience of interaction in real life .
I do n't know what that 's about being a homosexual , but I know what is to be judged by something beyond my control .
Then he came the Daily Show .
Every night , Jon Stewart made me intellectually honest about my <unk> , and I was helping me see that people 's race , religion or sexual orientation , they have nothing to do with character .
In a lot of forms , he turned my focus on a moment where I was desperately <unk> .
In times , inspiration can come from the unexpected , and that a Jewish comedian had had a better influence in my life than my own father , extremist , was not in vain .
I had a conversation with my mother about how I was changing my mindset , and she told me something that conserving in my heart forever , while he 's alive .
She looked at me with the eyes of someone who has suffered enough with endless <unk> and said , `` I 'm tired of hate . ''
At that moment , I realized how much negative energy is needed to keep all of that hatred inside .
My real name is not <unk> <unk> .
It changed when my family decided to break the relationship to my father and start a new life .
So why would I decided to go out and put myself in a chance ?
Well , it 's easy .
I 've done it because I hope someone , one day , who 's being tried to lead to violence , can hear my story and understand that there 's a better path , that even though I was going to join this violent ideology and <unk> , I did n't get to me a big deal .
Instead , I decided to use my experience to fight terrorism and prejudice .
I do it by the victims of terrorism and for their loved ones , and for the loss of pain and the losses that terrorism has produced in their lives .
For the victims of terrorism to speak , against those meaningless acts of the shares of my father 's actions .
With this simplicity , I put me here as proof that violence is not inherent to any religion or race , that the children do n't have to follow the pathways of their parents .
I 'm not my father .
Thank you . Thank you . Thank you . Thank you very much .
Right now there is a film that is projected in their minds .
It 's an amazing film film .
It 's in 3D , and it has <unk> sound from what you hear and you see right now . But that 's just the beginning .
Your film has scent , taste and texture .
It feels your body , your pain , your hunger , your pleasure .
It has emotions , anger and happiness .
It has memories , like your childhood moments that project your eyes .
And it 's constantly a voice superimposed over your conscious thought .
The heart of the film is you who experience everything in direct .
This film is your <unk> stream , the subject of the experience of the mind and the world .
Consciousness is one of the fundamental truths of the human being .
Each of us is conscious .
We all have an internal film itself , you , you and you .
There 's nothing you know more directly .
At least , I know that I have a very consciousness .
I have no certainty that you are conscious .
Consciousness is also the reason to live .
If we were n't conscious , nothing in our lives would make sense or value .
But at the same time it 's the most mysterious phenomenon of the universe .
Why are we aware ?
Why do we have these internal films ?
Why are we not just robots that we 've got to produce results without experiencing the internal movie ?
Right now , nobody knows the answers to those questions .
I suggest that to integrate consciousness to science , you need some radical ideas .
Some people say it 's impossible a science of consciousness .
Science , by nature , is objective .
Consciousness , for nature , is subjective .
So there can never be a science of consciousness .
Because for almost the whole 20th century , we would have this vision .
psychology studied objectively behavior , neuroscience was studying the objectively brain , but nobody mentioned consciousness .
Even 30 years ago , when TED started , there were very few scientific jobs on consciousness .
After 20 years , it all began to change .
<unk> as Francis Crick and physicists as Roger Penrose , said , `` This is the time for science to raise consciousness . ''
And since then , there was a real bang , a flourishing of the scientific work about consciousness .
And this work was fantastic . It was great .
But it also has fundamental limitations to the moment .
The center of the science of consciousness in recent years was the search for correlations , correlations between some areas of the brain and some states of consciousness .
We saw something about this kind of fantastic work that I put Nancy <unk> a few minutes ago .
We now understand a lot better , for example , the brain areas that are related to the conscious experience of seeing faces or feeling pain or feeling happy .
But this is still a science of correlations .
It 's not a science of explanations .
We know that these areas of the brain are related to certain kinds of conscious experiences , but we do n't know why .
I 'd like to explain to you , by saying that this kind of work of neuroscience responds to some questions that we want consciousness to explain : the questions about what certain areas of the brain do and what correlate .
But in a sense , those are the easy problems .
No to offend neuroscientists .
In fact , there 's no problem with consciousness .
Well does n't address the real central mystery of this : Why all physical processing in the brain has to be accompanied by consciousness ?
Why is there a subjective internal movie ?
Right now , we ca n't understand it .
And you can say , let 's give it a few years to neuroscience .
It 's going to become another emergent phenomenon like traffic jams , like the hurricanes , like life , and we 're going to find explanation .
The typical <unk> are all sorts of emergent behaviors , how they operate , how they work <unk> , how they reproduce , they adapt and metabolize the living organisms , and they 're all questions about how it works .
That could be applied to the human brain to explain some behaviors and the functions of the human brain as an emergent phenomenon : how we walk , how we talk , how we 're playing chess ; they 're all questions about behavior .
But when it comes to consciousness , the questions about behavior are between the easy problems .
But the hard problem , is the question of why is it that everything behavior is accompanied by a subjective experience ?
And here is , the standard paradigm of the emergence , the standard paradigm of neuroscience , actually does n't have a lot to say .
I 'm a very heart of heart .
I want a scientific theory of <unk> that works . For a long time , I would hit my head against the wall looking for a theory of consciousness in pure terms of physical terms that would work .
But at the end , I came to conclude that that did n't work for systematic reasons .
I think we 're going to wake up at this point .
So we have a chain of wonderful explanations . We used to get used to this ; physics explains chemistry , chemistry explains biology , biology explains part of psychology .
But consciousness does n't seem to fit into this scheme .
On the one hand , it 's a fact that we are conscious .
On the other , we do n't know how to hold that idea to our scientific view of the world .
I think consciousness , right now , is a sort of anomaly , something that we need to integrate our view of the world , but we do n't know yet how .
With an anomaly like this , you can need radical ideas . I think we need ideas that at first will be crazy , before we can deal with consciousness in a scientific way .
There 's some possibilities for those crazy ideas .
My friend Dan Dennett , who is here today , has one .
His crazy idea is that there is no such difficult problem of consciousness .
All the idea of inner subjective film is sort of an illusion of illusion or confusion .
Actually , what you need to do , is to explain objective functions , the behaviors of the brain , and so we study everything that needs explanation .
Well , more power for him .
That 's the kind of radical idea that we need to explore if we want to have a <unk> theory of consciousness , based on the brain .
At the same time , for me , and for many others , that vision is pretty close to simply deny that your consciousness is satisfying .
But I 'm going in a different direction .
In the time that you have , I want to explore two crazy ideas that I think can be promising .
The first idea is that consciousness is fundamental .
physicists sometimes take some aspects of the universe as fundamental bricks : space , time and mass .
It gives us fundamental laws that govern it as the laws of gravity or quantum mechanics .
These laws and fundamental properties do n't explain in terms of anything else .
Instead , you think it 's fundamental , and you 're building the world .
Sometimes , the key list is <unk> .
In the 19th century Maxwell 's discovered that you ca n't explain mass phenomena in terms of fundamental concepts of fundamental concepts , space , time , mass laws , Newton 's rules , and he applied to electric charge as a fundamental concept that those laws govern .
I think that 's the situation that we find with consciousness .
If you ca n't explain consciousness in terms of fundamental ideas like that , space , time , mass , charge , then by the question of logic , you have to run the list .
The most natural thing would be to increase consciousness as a fundamental one , a fundamental brick of nature .
This does n't mean that it 's suddenly not the object of science .
It opens the way to deal with scientifically direct it .
So what we need is to study the fundamental laws that govern consciousness , the laws that connect consciousness with other fundamental concepts : space , time , mass , processes .
The physicists sometimes say we want fundamental laws so simple that we can stamping them in a <unk> .
The situation of consciousness is something like this .
We want to find fundamental laws so simple that we can install them on a t-shirt .
We do n't know what laws are , but that 's what we 're looking for .
The second idea crazy is that consciousness can be universal .
Every system can have a degree of consciousness .
This vision sometimes is called <unk> : Pan '' by all , `` <unk> '' for us , every system is conscious , not only humans , the dogs , the mice , the flies , even the microbes of Rob Knight , the elementary particles .
Even a photon has a degree of consciousness .
The idea is n't that photons are smart , or you think .
It 's not that a photon can be full of anguish when you think , `` Oh , always traveling at the speed of light .
I can never slow down and smell the pink . ''
No , no .
But the thought is that maybe photons can have some <unk> of raw feeling , subjective , some <unk> of consciousness .
This may sound a little crazy for you .
How did anyone think something so crazy ?
Part of this comes from the first crazy idea , which consciousness is fundamental .
If it 's fundamental , like space , time and mass , it 's natural to assume that it can also be universal , just like others .
It 's also worth noticing that even though the idea seems to us , it 's much less for people in different cultures , where the human mind seems more a continuum to nature .
A deeper reason comes from the idea that perhaps the most simple and powerful way to find fundamental laws than we might find out the thinking with the physical process , is <unk> consciousness with information .
There 's always information processing , there 's consciousness .
<unk> of complex <unk> , as in a human being , complex consciousness .
Simple information , simple consciousness .
Something very exciting is that in recent years a neuroscientist , <unk> <unk> , took this kind of theory and developed it with mathematical methods .
It has a mathematical measure of information integration , which is called <unk> , which measures the degree of information integrated into a system .
And it 's supposed to be <unk> with consciousness .
So in a human brain , there 's an amazing high degree of information integration , a high degree of <unk> , a lot of consciousness .
In a mouse , there 's a medium of information integration of information , as well as quite significant , a very important degree of consciousness .
But when you get to the worms , microbes , the particles , the degree of <unk> goes down .
The level of information integration is lower , but it 's not zero .
In the theory of <unk> , there will still be a different level of consciousness from zero .
It actually raises a fundamental law of consciousness : high degree of <unk> , high degree of consciousness .
Furthermore , another reason is that <unk> can help us integrate consciousness into the physical world .
<unk> and philosophers have observed that physics is curiously abstract .
It describes the structure of reality using a lot of equations , but we do n't talk about the reality underlying the bottom .
As Stephen Hawking explains , `` Where is the fire of the equations ? ''
Now , from the vision , the equations of physics can leave you as they are , but you can use it to describe the flow of consciousness .
That 's what physicists do basically , they describe the flow of consciousness .
According to this vision , consciousness is what puts it on the equations .
In that vision , consciousness is not outside of the physical world as an additive sort of additive .
It 's right there in the center .
This vision , I think , <unk> vision , has the potential to accommodate our relationship with nature , and it can have a pretty serious social and ethical consequences .
Some may be <unk> .
I used to think that I should n't eat anything to have consciousness , then I had to be a vegetarian .
If you 're a <unk> and you take that vision , you 'll have a lot of hunger .
I think that thinking about it well , this tends to transform your visions , whereas what matters in ethical terms and moral challenge , it 's not so much the fact of consciousness , but its importance and complexity .
It 's also natural to ask for awareness in other systems , like computers .
What about the artificial intelligence system of Samantha in the movie `` <unk> . ''
Is it conscious ?
According to the vision of <unk> information , she has a complicated , integrated information processing , so the answer is yes , if it 's conscious .
If this is right , there are a pretty serious ethical problem on the ethics of the development of intelligent computers and the <unk> ethic .
Finally , you can ask for the <unk> of whole collective collective community .
Canada has his own consciousness ?
Or a more local level , an integrated group , as the audience at a TED Talk . Right now , we have a TED collective awareness , an inner film for this whole TED group , different from the inner movies in each of the parts ?
I do n't know the answer to that question , but I think that at least is a question that needs to be serious .
So this <unk> view is a radical vision , and I do n't know if it 's right .
I 'm actually more confident about the first crazy idea , that consciousness is fundamental , that the second one is universal .
Vision raises a lot of questions , a lot of challenges , like , how those bits of thinking contribute to the kind of complex consciousness we know and we love .
If we can answer those questions , then I think we go along the right path towards a theory of serious consciousness .
If not , well , it 's probably the most difficult problem of science and philosophy .
We ca n't wait to solve that overnight .
But I think we 're finally going to discover it .
Understanding consciousness is the real key , I think , to understand the universe and to understand ourselves .
Maybe we just need the right idea .
Thank you .
I grew up in a small rural village in Victoria .
He had a very normal profile , a low profile of education .
I went to school , I was obsessed with my friends , my youngest sisters .
It was all very normal .
And when I was 15 years old , a member of my community came to my parents because I wanted to <unk> for a community 's prize .
And my parents said , `` Well , that 's very nice , but there 's an obvious problem .
She 's actually not done anything . '' And they had right .
I went to school , I had good grades . After school , I had a low profile on my mother 's hair , and I spent a lot of time looking at the series of `` <unk> the <unk> '' and `` <unk> 's Creek . ''
Yeah , I know . What <unk> .
But they were right .
I did n't do anything extraordinary at all .
Nothing that can be considered as an achievement if we took disability out of the equation .
Years later , I was in the second part of teaching at a high school high school , so only after about 20 minutes in the 11th of studies , and he got a guy up and said , `` Hey , when will you give your speech ? ''
And I said , `` What talk ? ''
Well , I 'd been talking to you about the law of defamation for a good 20 minutes .
And he said , `` You know , your motivational speech .
When people in the wheelchair , do you talk about <unk> things in school ? ''
`` Usually in the classroom . ''
And that was when I realized : This child had had disabled disabled disabled objects .
And we 're not . And it 's not about the kid , that 's true for many of us .
For us , people with disabilities are not our teachers or our doctors or our <unk> .
We 're not real people . We 're there to inspire .
And , in fact , I 'm on this stage I 'm going to see what I do in this wheelchair , and you probably are waiting for you to inspire you . Right ? Yes .
Well , ladies and gentlemen , I 'm afraid I 'm afraid , dramatically .
I 'm not here for <unk> .
I 'm here to tell you that you have lied to the disability .
Yes , they have sold us the lie that disability is something bad , capital , capital M .
It 's something bad and living with a disability makes you remarkable .
It 's not bad , and it does n't make you remarkable .
And over the last few years , we 've been able to spread even more this lie through social media .
You may have seen images like this : `` The only disability in life is a bad attitude . ''
Or this other : `` Your excuse is <unk> . '' In effect .
Or this other one : `` Before I abandon , I 'm gon na abandon it ! ''
These are just a couple of examples , but there 's a lot of them .
You may have seen one , from the little girl without drawing with a pencil in the mouth of the mouth .
You may have seen a child who runs with <unk> legs of carbon fiber .
And there 's a lot of these images , which are what we call porn inspiration .
And I 'm using the porn term deliberately , because it 's given to a group of people for the benefit of another group of people .
So in this case , it will promote the disabled in the benefit of people without disability .
The purpose of these images is to inspire them , you will motivate you , so we can see them and think , `` Well , for very bad life , it could be worse .
I could be that person . ''
But what if you 're that person ?
I 've lost the account of the number of times that I 've been approached strange <unk> to express that believe that I am brave or an inspiration source , and this was going to happen before my job had a public profile .
It was like I was getting up in the morning and remember my own name . And this is <unk> .
These images , those images , <unk> people with a benefit of people without disability .
They 're there so you can see them and think that things are n't so bad for you , or to put your concerns in perspective .
And life as a disabled person is really difficult .
So we 're going to get some things out .
But the things that we have not are the things that you can think of .
It 's not relative things to our bodies .
I use the term `` handicap people '' , deliberately , because I became a call social model of disability , which tells us that we are more disabled because of the society we live than because of our bodies or diagnostics .
So I 've lived in this body for a long time .
I 'm very <unk> with him .
And the things I need to do , and I 've learned to pull out the best of their capacity as well as you do , and that 's what happens to the children of those pictures as well .
They 're not doing anything outside of the common .
They 're just using their bodies by taking the best of their ability .
So , is it really fair to do it in the way we do , by sharing those images ?
When people say , `` You 're an inspiration source , '' he says it kind of like a compliment .
And I know why it happens .
It 's because of the lie , because they have sold us this one that disability makes us remarkable .
And honestly , it does n't .
And I know what you 're thinking .
I 'm here to take you the inspiration , and you think , `` For God , you 're not sometimes inspired by something ? ''
And actually , I know I am .
I 'm learning from other people with disability at all .
However , I do n't learn that I 'm more lucky than them .
Now , I learned that it 's a great idea to use a <unk> tweezers to pick up the things that I get away . I 'm a learner , a ingenious trick of how to load the battery on the battery on the battery .
Great .
We learn about the strength and resistance of others , not against our bodies and our diagnostics , but against a world that <unk> and <unk> us .
I really believe that that lie that has been sold to us about disability is the greatest injustice .
It makes us hard life .
And that quote : `` The only disability in life is a bad attitude , '' the reason that that 's a lie is because it 's not true , because of the social model of disability .
A lot of smiling in the stairs has never done to become a ramp .
Never . Let 's go on to a television screen wo n't get the subtitles for the deaf people .
Not a lot of people in the middle of a bookstore in the middle of a bookstore , and they anticipated a positive attitude to convert all those books on .
It 's just not going to happen .
I want to really live in a world where disability is not the exception , but the norm .
I want to live in a 15-year-old girl sitting in his bedroom watching `` <unk> the <unk> <unk> '' do n't be considered to be in a chair .
I want to live in a world where we do n't have so low expectations of people with disability to be able to get up from the bed and remember our names in the morning .
I want to live in a world where we value genuine achievement of people with disability , and I want to live in a world where a child of 11 degree in Melbourne 's high school is not a little surprised that his new teacher is a wheelchair of a wheelchair .
Disability makes us remarkable , but question what you think is to know about it .
Thank you .
What do you have to see augmented reality and the professional football , with empathy ?
And what is the average speed of a swallow without a burden ?
Unfortunately , I 'm just going to answer one of those questions , so please do n't stand up .
When people think of augmented reality , they think in `` Minority Report , '' and Tom Cruise <unk> the hands in the air , but augmented reality is not science fiction .
Augmented reality is something that 's going to happen in our days and happen because we have the tools for it , and people need to know , because the augmented reality will change our lives as much as the Internet and mobile phones .
So how did we get augmented reality ?
The first step , it 's what I 'm wearing : Google Glass Glass .
I 'm sure many of you are familiar with them .
What you may not know is that Google Glass are a device that allows them to see what I see .
It will allow you to experience what 's a professional athlete in the field .
Right now , the only way to be in the field is that I try to prove it to you .
I have to use words .
I have to create a framework that you fill with with your imagination .
We can use Google Glass , under a helmet and know what is running through the game of 100 miles miles , the blood hitting your ears .
We can know that it feels like a 110 pound man <unk> us , trying to <unk> them with everything .
I 've been there and I assure you that it 's not nice .
So I 've got a few videos to show you what the Google Glass under the hull , and give you an idea of that .
Unfortunately , it 's not the NFL images of the NFL , because the idea of an NFL of emerging technology is an submarine up to the surface , but we do what we can .
So let 's look at a video .
Chris <unk> : Go .
It 's horrible to be <unk> .
Wait a little bit . You get a little bit .
Ready ?
Go !
Chris <unk> : As you can see , it 's a <unk> of what it is to be <unk> in the football field , from the perspective of the <unk> .
You may have realized that you need people , the rest of the team .
We have a video of them <unk> from the University of Washington .
<unk> mice ! <unk> mice !
Blue 8 , Blue 8 ! Come on !
Chris <unk> : This is a little bit more like being in the field , but it has nothing to do with an NFL .
The fans want that experience .
The fans want to be in the field , being their favorite players , and they 've asked me on YouTube and on Twitter , `` You can see from the angle of a <unk> field .
Or a runner ?
We want to experience that . ''
Once we have that experience with <unk> and Google Glass , how do we get in the next level ?
We took it at that level using something called <unk> Rift , which surely you know .
The Rift <unk> has been described as the most realistic virtual reality device ever created , and it 's not cheap .
And I 'm going to show you why with this video .
Man : Oh , oh !
No , no , no ! I do n't want to keep playing ! No !
Oh , my God ! Ah !
CK : That 's the experience of a man on a rollercoaster to do that for your life .
What will be the experience of a fan when you take a video of Adrian from crossing the line , Saturn from a <unk> with the arm before they run and make an notation , which will be the experience of a fan of a fan .
When I could get a run by the court , and throw the ball on the bottom of the network ? Or do you make a match safely ?
What is your experience when it goes down a mountain to over 100 miles an hour as a Olympic skier ?
Maybe the baby 's sales became for adults .
But this is not even augmented reality .
It 's just virtual reality , <unk> .
How do we achieve augmented reality , <unk> ?
So you know , actually , augmented reality when the coaches , the <unk> and the owners see information about what people want to see and think , `` How do we use this to improve our equipment ?
How do we use it to win games ? ''
Because they always use technology to win .
They like to win . They give them money .
So , here 's a quick refresher on the NFL technology .
In 1965 , the <unk> of Baltimore put a <unk> to his field <unk> and play faster .
They won the Super Bowl that year .
Other teams decided to imitate them .
More people saw the game because it was more exciting , faster .
In 1994 , the NFL put together on the headset of <unk> and then in the defenses .
They had more viewers , because it was faster , more fun .
In <unk> , imagine that you 're a player going back to your group , and you see your next hand shown in front of you , on a plastic bombsight that 's wearing , you wo n't have to worry about forget a game .
or by memorize the strategy .
They just go out into the field and react .
And coaches want it because if they do n't follow their instructions , they lose parties , and they hate losing parties .
If you lose games as a coach .
And they do n't want that .
But augmented reality is not just a cooperation manual .
Augmented reality is also a way to collect information and use it in real time to improve your game .
How would you do that ?
Well , a very simple option would be to have a camera at every corner of the stadium having a view from the people who are down .
You also get information from your headset , and <unk> <unk> , something that 's already been working on .
And all that information is sent to your players .
The good teams will know it .
The bad guys will have information overload .
This is <unk> the good teams of the bad guys .
So your team of computer will be as important as the scouts and data analysis will stop being nerds .
I 'll be also for athletes . Who would have imagined ?
How would it be in the field ?
Imagine that you 're the field <unk> .
You put the ball and <unk> it .
You could get an open receiver . All of a sudden , a flashlight on the left side of your bombsight will tell you that a defense behind you is going to be <unk> . Normally , you do n't really see it , but the <unk> system will be <unk> .
Let 's get to the protection area .
Another flashlight would tell you that there is an open receiver .
<unk> the ball .
And the ball loses the trajectory .
You do n't know where to land , however , the receiver sees in its bombsight a patch of grass that 's <unk> and can modify the race .
It 's coming up , you get the ball , you run , you run .
The public goes crazy and fans have followed the move from every angle .
This is something to create massive excitement in the party .
It will make a lot of people watching it , because people want to live that experience .
The fans want to be in the field .
They want to be your favorite player .
Augmented reality is being part of the sport because it 's too profitable to not be .
But what I ask you is , do we want this to be the only use of augmented reality ?
Are we going to use it just like bread and circus , like our usual entertainment ?
Because I think we can use it for something else .
I think we can use augmented reality to foster empathy between human beings , to show someone what it is , literally being in the place of another person .
We know what this technology is worth with <unk> .
It generates billions of revenue a year .
But how much is this technology worth a teacher in the classroom trying to show up how harmful their actions are from the point of the victim ?
How much is this technology worth in Uganda in Uganda or Russia trying to show the world how it 's been dogging ?
How much is it for an Hadfield <unk> , or a Neil Tyson trying to inspire a generation of children to think more in space and science instead of <unk> and <unk> notes ?
Ladies and gentlemen , reality reality is about .
The questions that we do , the decisions we take and the challenges that we face , depend , as usual , of us .
Thank you .
I 've recently retired after 23 years of service in the <unk> California <unk> .
Most of those 23 years old , I spent the country on the end of the South County of <unk> County , including the Golden Gate Bridge .
The bridge is an iconic structure , known by its beautiful view of San Francisco , the Pacific Ocean , and its architectural style .
Unfortunately , it 's also a magnet for suicide , being one of the most widely used places in the world .
The Golden Gate Bridge was open in 1937 .
Joseph Strauss , engineer the head engineer who tried to build the bridge , said , `` The bridge is practically proof of suicide .
Leonardo from the bridge is not practical or likely . ''
But from their openness , more of 1,600 people have jumped to their death from that bridge .
Some people believe that travel between the two towers , and this bridge has become idealized as such , so that each of them frees you from all of your worries and pain , and the waters that go underneath your soul .
But let me tell you that happens when the bridge is used to commit suicide .
After a free of four to five seconds , the body strikes the water about 120 miles an hour .
The impact breaks down the bones , some of which <unk> organs .
Most of them die in impact .
The ones that do n't normally get into the helpless water , and then they drown .
I do n't think that you 're going to write this method of suicide , realizing the death of the death that you 'll face .
This is the wire .
Except about the two towers , there are 32 inches of parallel steel on the bridge .
This is where most people have before they were taking their life .
I can tell you about experience that once the person is on that edge , and in its darker moment , it 's very difficult to bring us back .
I took this picture last year as this young man spoke with an official looking at his life .
I want to tell you with joy that day to bring it back on the railing .
When I started working on the bridge , we did n't have formal training .
We 're going to be able to channel the road through these calls .
This was not just a bad service for those people who were suicidal suicide , but the officers were also .
We 've come a long way since then .
Today , civil officials and psychologists train the new officers .
This is Jason <unk> .
I met her July 22 last year as a possible subject of a <unk> sitting in the <unk> near the center .
<unk> , and when I arrived , I watched Jason talking with an official of the Golden Gate Bridge .
Jason was only 32 years old , and he had flown until here from New Jersey .
In fact , I had flown over here twice as well before New Jersey to try to kill themselves from this bridge .
After about an hour , talking to Jason , he asked us if we knew the story of Pandora 's box .
He <unk> the Greek mythology , <unk> created Pandora , and he sent it to the Earth with a box , and he said , `` Never , I never open that box . ''
Well , one day , curiosity could more than Pandora , and she opened the box .
She came out pests , sorrows , and all kinds of evil against man .
The only good thing in the box was hope .
And then Jason said , `` What happens if you open the box , and there is no hope ? ''
A few moments , he leaned on the right , and it was .
This kind of kind and smart boy from New Jersey had just been taking his life .
I talked to the parents of Jason that night , and I guess when I was talking to them , it did n't seem to be ringing very well , because the next day , the rabbi of the family called me to see how he was .
The parents of Jason had been asked .
<unk> damage to suicide affect a lot of people .
I 'm asking you these questions : What would you do if a member of your family , a friend or someone loved a little suicide ?
What would you say ?
What would you say ?
In my experience , you do n't just have to talk , but you have to listen .
Listening to understand .
Do n't <unk> , <unk> , or tell the person you know how it feels , because you probably do n't know it .
Just being there , you can be the inflection point that you need .
If you think someone 's suicidal , you will not be afraid of <unk> and ask the question .
One way of asking you the question is , `` Other people in similar circumstances have thought to end your life ; have you had these thoughts ? ''
They would tell the person in front of them can save the life and be the turning point for them .
Other signs look : despair , believe that things are terrible and they 're never going to improve ; we will believe that there 's nothing you can do about it -- social isolation , and a loss of interest in life .
I came up with this talk just a couple of days ago , and I got an email from a lady , and I 'd like to read you your card .
She lost his son on the 19th of January , this year , and he wrote this email just a couple of days ago , and it 's with his email and blessing I read .
`` Hello , Kevin . I guess you 're at the TED conference .
It must be a whole experience to be there .
I 'm thinking that I should go to the bridge this weekend .
I just wanted to leave you a note .
I hope you can tell a lot of people and go home talking about it to your friends , and so on .
I 'm still quite numb , but noticing it more times to realize that Mike wo n't go home .
Mike was driving back to San Francisco to see the game of 49 49 his father on January 19th .
He never got there .
I called the police of <unk> and reported as disappeared that night .
The next morning , two officials came to my house and told me that the Mike 's car was down on the bridge .
A witness had seen it jump from the bridge to the <unk> of the day before .
Thank you very much for fighting for those who can be temporarily too weak to fight for themselves .
Who has n't been wrong without suffering a real mental illness ?
It should n't be so easy to end with it .
My prayers are with you for your fight .
The <unk> , the Golden Gate Bridge is supposed to be a passage through our beautiful bay , not a cemetery .
Good luck this week , <unk> . ''
I ca n't imagine the value that she needed to go to the bridge and walk the way his son took that day , and also the courage to go ahead .
I 'd like to introduce you to a man that I mean by hope and value .
On March 11 , 2005 , I replied to a radio call by a possible subject to the sidewalk sidewalk near the north tower .
<unk> my bike on the sidewalk and watched this man , Kevin <unk> standing on the sidewalk .
When he saw me , it crossed immediately the railing , and stopped in that little tube that goes around the tower .
Over the next hour and a half later , I heard as Kevin talked about his depression and despair .
Kevin decided on his own day to go back on that lane and give life another chance .
When Kevin came back , it 's <unk> .
`` This is a new beginning , a new life . ''
But I asked him , `` What was it that he did you go back and gave him hope and life another chance ? ''
And you know what he told me ?
He said , `` You heard me .
You leave me talking and just heard . ''
Shortly after that incident , I got a letter from the mother of Kevin , and I have that letter with me , and I 'd like to make it up .
`` Dear Lord <unk> , nothing erase the events from March 11 , and you 're one of the reasons that Kevin follows with us .
Honestly , I think Kevin was in help .
It 's been diagnosed with a mental illness for which he 's been correctly properly .
And I took it to Kevin when I had six months , completely unaware of all of those traits <unk> , but thanks to God , we know now .
Kevin is in order , like he says .
We thank God for you .
<unk> <unk> with you , <unk> <unk> . ''
And at the end , she writes , `` <unk> . When I visited the General San Women 's Hospital , that night , you 're going to look like the patient .
`` Wow , I know I had to solve it ! ''
Today , Kevin is a loving father and a active member of society .
It speaks openly about the events of that day and his depression with the hope that his story will inspire others .
suicide is not just something I 've ever found at work .
It 's personal .
My grandfather killed himself with poison .
That act , despite the end of his own pain , the opportunity to meet him .
This is what suicide does .
For most people who are suicidal , or those who consider suicide , would n't think about hurting another person .
They just want your own pain to end .
Usually , this is actually done only three ways : sleep , drugs or alcohol or death .
In my career , I 've answered , and I 've been involved in hundreds of mental illness and calls suicide around the bridge .
Of those incidents where I 've been directly involved with , I 've just lost two , but those two are too much .
One was Jason done .
The other one was a man who was talking about an hour .
And during that time , I 'm holding my hand on three times .
At the end line , he looked at me , and he said , `` Kevin , I 'm sorry , but I have to go . ''
And he jumped .
Awful , absolutely horrible .
I want to tell you , though , that the vast majority of people we get to contact on that bridge is not suicide .
In addition , those few that have jumped from the bridge and lived , and that can talk about it , that one percent or two percent , most of those people have said that the second one , most of those people have said that the railing realized they had made a mistake and they wanted to live .
I tell people , the bridge does n't just connect to <unk> with San Francisco , but also people .
That connection , or a bridge that we do , is something that everyone and every one of us should be striving for .
suicide can prevent .
There 's help . There 's hope .
Thank you very much .
The world makes you be what you 're not , but in your interior you know what you are , and a question asks , how do you become that ?
I have to be something unique to that , but I 'm not alone , I 'm not alone .
When I became a model , I felt that I had finally achieved the dream that I had since a child .
My outside finally <unk> with my inner truth , with my inner self .
For complicated reasons , I 'm going to be referring to me later , when I look at this picture later , when I look at this picture , I was going to <unk> you , you got it , you got it .
But last October , I discovered that , hardly , I 'm starting .
We all promote our families , our religion , our society , our moment in history , even our bodies .
Some of them have the value of free , to get rid of the limitations of the skin color or the beliefs of those around us .
These are people who are always challenging the status quo , which is considered accepted .
In my case , the last nine years , many of my neighbors , many of my friends , my agent even ignored my story .
This puzzle is called revelation .
This is mine .
They recorded me as `` child '' at birth because of the appearance of my genitals .
I remember my five years in the Philippines , in my house , I always had this t-shirt in the head .
And my mom asked me , `` Why do you always take that t-shirt in your head ? ''
I said , `` Mom , it 's my hair . I 'm a girl . ''
I knew how to do it .
The gender has always considered a <unk> fact , but now we know that , really , it 's something more complex and mysterious .
Because of my success , I 'm never going to share my story , not because he thought that being a bad thing , but how the world is about those of us who want to be free .
Every day I appreciate being a woman .
I have Mom , Dad and a family who embrace me as I am .
Many are not so lucky .
There 's a long tradition in the Asian culture that celebrates the mystery of gender .
There 's a Buddhist goddess of compassion .
There 's a Hindu goddess , a goddess of <unk> .
And when I was eight , I was at a party in the Philippines who celebrated these mysteries .
I was in front of the stage , and I remember this beautiful woman appeared in front of me , and I remember that moment as if something <unk> me : This is the kind of woman I wanted to be .
And when I was 15 years old , when he was having a man , I met this woman called <unk> .
It 's the director of a transgender beauty competition .
That night she asked me , `` Why have n't you been involved in the beauty competition ? ''
He told me that if you had to get rid of herself , he was responsible for visitors and costumes . And that night , I won in bathroom suit , I won on a show , and she became third of the more than 40 candidates .
That moment changed my life .
Suddenly , I was inside the world of beauty .
Not a lot of people can say that their first work was of beauty of beauty of transgender women , but I can .
I also met a young man goddess , especially when we traveled to remote provinces of the Philippines .
But more importantly , I met my best friends in that community .
In 2001 , my mom , who had moved to San Francisco , called me and told me that they passed my application to the green card that I could go to the United States .
I stood up .
I said to my mother , `` Mommy , I 'm having fun .
I 'm here with friends , I like to travel and be a beauty of beauty . ''
But then , two weeks later , he called me and said , `` You know what if you told the United States , you can change the name and the gender identity ? ''
It was all I needed to hear .
My mom suggested to me to put two up and my name .
She also accompanied me when I was surgery in Thailand at the age of 19 .
It 's curious that in some of the most rural cities in Thailand to do the most thoughtful , sophisticated surgeries and secure .
At that time in the United States , it was necessary before the name of the name and gender .
So in 2001 I went to San Francisco , and I remember looking at the driving license with the name of <unk> and `` F '' from gender .
It was a great time .
For some people , their identity document means being able to drive or be able to get a drink , but for me was the license to live , to feel dignified .
Suddenly , my fears were seen .
I felt I could conquer my dream and move to New York , and be a model .
Many are not so lucky .
I think of this woman from <unk> <unk> <unk> .
A young woman from New York , who was living his truth , but he <unk> him , he got end to his life .
For many of my community , that 's the reality that they live .
Our suicide rate is eight times higher than the rest of the rest of the population .
All 20th of November , we make a global waking up on the <unk> Day of <unk> .
I 'm on this stage thanks to a long history of people who are <unk> and stood in front of injustice .
These are P. Johnson and Sylvia <unk> .
Today , right now , I 'm coming out of the closet .
I ca n't continue to live my truth alone and just me .
I want to do the best to help others live their truth without shame , and fear .
I 'm here , <unk> , so that one day there 's no more <unk> of November .
My deeper truth led me to accept what I am .
Will you do that ?
Thank you very much .
Thank you , thank you , thank you . Kathryn Schulz : <unk> , a quick question .
<unk> <unk> : Sure . You see , first , thank you .
My support network , my parents , especially to my family , who itself is very strong .
I remember all the times I 've been to trans young women , I 've looked at , and sometimes , when they called me and told me that their parents could n't embrace it . I took the phone , called my mom and said , `` Mommy , can you call this woman ? ''
Sometimes it worked , others not . It 's just gender identity , that 's what 's in the center of what we are , right ?
I mean , we were all assigned a gender at birth , and what I 'm trying to do is to put on the table , the theme that sometimes that assignment is not to put on the table , and there should be a space that would allow people to do , and this is a conversation that we should have with parents , with colleagues .
The transgender movement is <unk> compared to the gay movement .
There 's still a lot of work to do .
There should be understanding .
There should be space for curiosity and asking questions , and I hope you all are my allies .
KS : Thank you . Very nice . <unk> : Thank you .
In many patriarchal , tribal societies , the parents are usually known for their children , but I 'm one of the few parents who 's known for her daughter and I 'm proud of it .
<unk> , he started his campaign by defending his rights in 2007 , and when his efforts was taken in 2011 , the <unk> National Prize at peace , became very famous , a very popular girl in his country .
Before that , it was my daughter , but now I 'm his father .
Ladies and gentlemen , if you take a look at the history of humanity , the story of women is the history of injustice , of inequality , of violence and exploitation .
You see , in patriarchal societies , right from the beginning , when you 're born a child , your birth is not celebrating .
They do n't welcome , not by his father , not for her mother .
The neighborhood comes , it gives her to the mother , and no one gets to the father .
And a mother is overwhelmed by having a child .
When it gives birth to the first child , the first daughter , it gets sad .
When it gives birth to the second daughter , he was shocked , and , with a son 's hope , when he shines his third daughter , he feels guilty like a criminal .
Not only mother suffers , but the daughter -- her newborn daughter , when he grows , suffers too .
At the age of five , when I should go to school , it stays home , and the school admits of his brothers .
At age 12 , somehow , has a good life .
You can have fun .
It can play with his friends on the street , and he can move around the streets like a butterfly .
But when it comes in in adolescence , when he 's 13 years old , he 's being eaten from his house without a male dealer .
It 's confined to four walls .
It 's no longer a free person .
It becomes the honor of his father and his brothers and his family , and if he <unk> the code of that assumption , it could even kill .
And it 's interesting that this assumption of honor , not only does the life of a young woman , also affect the lives of the male male members of the family .
So this brother , <unk> the joys of his life and happiness from his sisters in the name of the honor .
And there is a rule of the patriarchal societies that is called compliance .
It 's supposed to be a good girl must be very quiet , very humble and very <unk> .
It 's the criteria .
A good girl 's model must be <unk> .
It 's supposed to be quiet and that accepts their father 's decisions and mother and decisions of the elderly , even if they do n't want .
If you marry a man who does n't like it or if you marry an old man , you have to embrace it , because he does n't want to be seen from <unk> .
If the very young marry , you have to embrace it .
Otherwise , <unk> <unk> .
And what happens at the end ?
In words of a poet , `` The marry , <unk> , and then gives birth to more sons and daughters . ''
And the irony of the situation is that this mother , guiding the same lesson of obedience to his daughter and the same lesson of honor to their children .
And this vicious cycle continues and continues .
<unk> brothers and sisters , when they were born <unk> , and for the first time , I do n't like newborns , to be honest , but when I was there and I looked at his eyes , believe me , I was extremely honored .
And much before I was born , I thought of his name , and I was fascinated with a feisty of freedom of freedom in Afghanistan .
His name was <unk> de <unk> , and he called my daughter like that .
But when I looked at it , they were all men , and he grabbed my pen , and I took a line from my name , and I wrote , `` <unk> . ''
And when she grew up , when she was four and a half , <unk> in my school .
You may ask , why should I mention a little girl in a school ?
Yeah , I have to throw it out .
You can take it for granted in Canada , in the United States , in many developed countries , but in the poor countries , in tribal societies , in tribal societies , is a big event for life 's life .
<unk> in a school means the recognition of his identity and his name .
One admission to school means it 's in the world of dreams and the aspirations where it can explore their potential for their future life .
I have five sisters , and none of them could go to school , and you 'd be surprised , two weeks before , when I was having the Canadian visa form , and I was at the relative part to the family , I could n't remember the family members of some of my sisters .
And the reason was that I had never seen the names of my sisters written in any document .
That was the reason for my daughter .
What my father could not give my sisters or his daughters , I thought I had to change it .
I used to appreciate the intelligence and the <unk> of my daughter .
And I 'm going to invite you to sit with me when my friends came to see me .
They encouraged me to go with different meetings .
And all of these values , I 've tried to put them into their personality .
And this was n't just for her , just for <unk> .
I 've run all these good values in my school to girls and boys .
I used education for the emancipation of emancipation .
I taught my daughters , taught students , to forget the lesson of the obedience .
I taught the students to forget the lesson of the so-called <unk> .
We were brothers and sisters , we were fighting for more rights for women , and we were fighting to have more and more space for women in society .
But we found a new phenomenon .
It was lethal for human rights , and in particular , for women 's rights .
It was called <unk> .
That means a complete denial of women 's participation in all of the political , economic and social activities .
Hundreds of schools were lost .
The girls are banned to go to school .
Women were forced to use <unk> and stopped going to markets .
Musicians were silenced , the girls ' girls and the singers were killed .
<unk> millions , but a few people talked , and it was terrifying to have around those people who kill and <unk> when you talk about their rights .
It 's really frightening .
When I was 10 years old , I got up and got up by the right to education .
He wrote a daily basis for the BBC blog , offered herself for the New York Times documentaries , and I spoke on every platform he could .
And his voice was the most powerful voice .
It 's <unk> like a <unk> worldwide .
And that was the reason the Taliban could not tolerate their campaign and the October 9 , 2012 , he was shot by <unk> in the head .
It was a <unk> day for my family and me .
The world became a big black hole .
While my daughter was <unk> between life and death , he whispered into my wife 's ear , `` I have to blame me about what happened to my daughter , your daughter ? ''
And he said , `` Please , you do n't get bored .
Let 's make it a fair cause .
You put your life into play by the cause of truth , by the cause of peace , and by the cause of education , and your daughter was inspired by you and he joined you .
They were both on the right path and God will protect it . ''
These little words were very much done for me , and I did n't go back to ask again .
When I was in the hospital , and he had severe pain and severe headaches because his facial nerve was cut , I used to see a dark shadow that was crushed by my wife 's face .
But my daughter never complained .
He used to tell us , `` I 'm okay with my smile , you can see and with the <unk> in my face .
I 'm going to be good . Please do n't worry . ''
It was an comfort for us , and we were shocked .
<unk> brothers and sisters , we 've learned from her how to resist the most difficult moments , and I 'm happy to share with you that despite being an icon for the rights of children and women , it 's like any girl in 16 years .
He cries out when he does n't end up .
They fight her brothers , and I 'm very happy for that .
People ask me , `` What 's a special thing about my mentoring that has made so courageous , expressive and <unk> ? ''
I do n't ask me what I did .
<unk> what I did n't .
I did n't cut their wings , and that 's it .
Thank you very much .
Thank you . Thank you very much . Thank you .
I was <unk> from the brain 18 years ago , and since that day , the science of the brain has become a personal passion .
I 'm engineering engineering .
And I want to tell you that recently I 've joined the <unk> group of Google , where I 've had a <unk> to my office -- the <unk> of Google <unk> , but all the work I 'm going to talk about today about the science of the brain , I did before I joined Google or out of my work there .
Having said this , there 's a stigma when you get to a brain operation .
Are you still like smart or not ?
Would n't it be like that , can you be smart ?
After neurosurgery , I was missing a part of the brain , and I had to live with it .
It was n't the gray matter , but it was the dead sticky part of the center that creates important hormones and neurotransmitters .
Immediately after the operation , I had to decide what amount to take , over a dozen powerful chemicals every day , because if I did n't take anything , I would die in a few hours .
Every day , for the last 18 years , I 've had to decide on the combinations and mixes of chemicals , and try to get a hold of them , to pursue life .
More than once I have saved a little bit .
But luckily , I have a soul of <unk> , so I decided that I would experience to try to get the doses that we actually do n't have a clear map that says in <unk> .
I started trying to try and try and see how small changes in the dose , dramatically my <unk> , my sense of who I was , my sense of thinking , my behavior with others .
In a particularly impressive case , for a few months , I made some doses and chemical and chemical cells for a young man , and I was surprised to see how changed my thoughts .
I was always raging , I thought all the time in sex , and I thought it was the smartest person all over the world , and -- of course , many times in the past I 've met several types of guys like this , or maybe some versions of the <unk> versions .
It turned out as an extreme .
But my great surprise was that I was n't trying to be arrogant .
In fact , I was trying , a little insecure , fixing a problem that was in front of it , and it just does n't happen like this .
So , I could n't deal with it .
It changed my dose .
But , I think that experience gave me a new appreciation about men and about what they have to go through . Since then I 'm getting better with men .
What I was trying to do , to adjust those hormones and neurotransmitters , and so on , was to restore my intelligence after the disease and the operation -- my creative thinking , my flow of ideas .
I usually think of a lot of images , and that became my point of reference reference : how do I get those mental images that I use to create <unk> , my ideas , if you want ? Testing new ideas and <unk> .
This kind of thoughts is not new .
<unk> like Hume , Descartes and Hobbes look at things similar .
They thought the images and the mental ideas were the same thing .
Today , there are people who challenge this idea , and there are many discussions about how the mind works . It 's a simple thing : for most of us , mental images are fundamental to the thought and inventive thought .
So after several years , I 'm going to find the point right , and I have already lots of great mental <unk> , really <unk> , really <unk> and structured .
Now , I 'm working on how to take these mental images , my mind on the computer screen .
Can you imagine what would happen if a movie director would be able to use their imagination only to lead to the world in front of it ?
Or if a musician could get the music of his head ?
There 's incredible possibilities with this , as the way that creative people can get to share at the speed of light .
And the truth is , the only difficulty to achieve this is simply to increase the resolution of our brain scanning systems .
Let me show you why I think we 're pretty close to arriving at this with two recent experiments that are made by two groups , leading by two groups , leading in neuroscience .
They both used MRI technology , image by functional MRI , to represent the brain , and here you see the brain scanning done by <unk> <unk> and his colleagues at Harvard .
The column on the left shows the brain scan of a person who looks at an image .
The middle column shows the brain scanning of that same individual as I imagined , looking at that same picture .
The column on the right was created by <unk> the content of the central column on the left . You see that the difference is almost zero .
This is repeated in many different individuals with many different images , always with a similar outcome .
The difference between looking at an image and imagine looking at that same picture .
Now , let me share with you another experiment . This is from the Jack <unk> lab in Berkeley , California .
They were able to convert the brainwaves into visual fields .
Let 's put it in this way .
In this experiment , he showed people hundreds of hours of YouTube videos while their brains were getting used to create a big big pool of feedback in the brain in the brain footage .
And then , I showed you a film with new images , new people , new animals , and as long as a new scanning .
The computer , using just the brain information of scanning to show what it seemed like the person was seeing .
On the right you can see the inferences of the computer , and on the left , the video I showed you .
This was <unk> .
We 're all right about that .
We just need to improve the resolution .
And now , remember , when you look at an image , and when you imagine that same image , it 's created in the brain itself .
This was done with the most effective brain scanning systems today , and their resolution has increased as a thousand times in the last few years .
Now we need to increase resolution about a thousand times more to get a deeper look .
How did we do that ?
There are a lot of techniques to do that .
One is opening up the skull and introduce electrodes .
I 'm not offered to that .
Many of you are proposing new projection techniques by images , even me . Tell the recent outcome of MRI , first we must ask the following , this technology will be the end of the road ?
The conventional wisdom says that the only way to get more resolution is with larger magnets , but at this point , magnets more <unk> are only offering small improvements in resolution , not raises by thousands of them as we need .
I propose this idea : instead of larger magnets , let 's make better magnets .
We can create a lot more complex structures , with slightly different arrangements , like making a <unk> .
And why does this matter ?
Over the last few years , a lot of effort in MRI were to make really large magnets , right ?
However , most of the advances in <unk> of clever and brilliant solutions in coding and <unk> , in the transmitter and receivers of FM radio receivers in MRI systems .
Instead , instead of a magnetic field , we use structured magnetic patterns to the FM frequencies .
So by combining magnetic patterns with the FM performance patterns , we can increase the information that you can take into a single scanning performance .
In addition , we can then split into layers our growing knowledge about the structure of the brain and memory to create the increase in the thousands we need .
By using the fMRI , we should be able to measure not just the blood fluid , but the hormones and the informing hormones that I 've mentioned , and maybe even the direct neural activity . This is sleep .
We 're going to be able to bridge our ideas directly to digital media .
Can you imagine if we could move above the language and communicate directly through thinking ?
What would we be able to ?
And how are we going to learn how to deal with the truths of human thinking without filter ?
You thought the Internet is a big thing .
These are big questions .
It would be irresistible to use it as a tool to amplify our thinking and communication skills .
Certainly , this same tool could lead to the cure of Alzheimer 's disease and diseases .
We have a few more choices than opening this door .
Anyway , choose a year , will happen in five or 15 years ?
It 's hard to imagine that it 's going to take a lot more .
We need to learn how to take this step together .
Thank you .
I 'm going to talk to you tonight about coming out of the closet , and not in a traditional sense , not just from the gay closet .
I think we all have cabinets .
Your closet maybe to tell someone for the first time that love or saying to someone who 's pregnant , or saying to someone who has cancer , or any other hard conversation why you have gone through life .
Now , it 's a hard conversation , and even though our topics can vary tremendously , the experience of having lived and out of that closet is universal .
It 's scary , and we do n't like it , and it must happen .
Many years ago , I was working in the South Side of <unk> <unk> , a restaurant in the city , and I was there , I had to go through several phases of the intensity of <unk> <unk> : <unk> my armpits , to quote the letters of <unk> giving Franco as a litany .
And I 'm going to be the slope of my pants down , and I 'd tell you my head , I 'd say , `` Well , I was usually a little kid , `` Hey , you 're a boy or a girl ? ''
And it would appear to be silent at the table .
I put my jaw a little bit more , I would take my coffee with a leave .
The father was <unk> the newspaper , and the mother was launched a cold look at his son .
But I would n't say anything , and <unk> inside .
And I got to the point that every time I went to a place where there was a kid between three and 10 years old , I was ready to fight .
And that 's a terrible feeling .
So I promised myself that the next time I would say something .
I would have that hard conversation .
So after a few weeks , it happened again .
`` Are you a boy or a girl ? ''
A family silence , but this time I was ready , and I was about to go into the female affairs on the table , and I had the dates of Betty <unk> .
Gloria Steinem dates .
Even an excerpt from the `` Vagina Monologues , '' I would show .
So I took a deep breath , and I went down , and my backs , <unk> girl with a pink dress , looking at what 's not a challenge for a <unk> feminist , just a little girl with a question : `` Are you a boy or girl ? ''
So I took a deep breath , I made a lot of a lot about it , and I said , `` Hey , I know this is something that 's confusing .
I have the short hair like a kid , and you see a kid , but I 'm a girl , and you know , like you like to use a pink dress , and sometimes you like to use a comfortable pajamas .
Well , I 'm more of the kind of girl in a comfortable pajamas . ''
And that little girl looked at me , paying attention , and he said , `` My favorite pajamas is purple and has a fish .
Can you give me a <unk> , please ? ''
And that was all . Just `` Ah , you 're a girl .
What about the <unk> I asked ? ''
It was the easiest conversation of all I ever had .
And why ? Because the girl from the <unk> and I , both of us were honest with one another .
So as many of us , I 've lived in some cabinets in my life , and I know , often my walls used to be a rainbows .
But inside , in the dark , you ca n't know what color are the walls .
You just know how one feels like living in a closet .
That 's how my closet is not different from yours or yours or yours .
Now , sure , I 'll give you 100 reasons why I get out of my closet , it was harder than coming out of yours , but this is the thing : the hard thing is not relative .
The hard thing is hard .
Who can tell me that to explain to someone who have shaped on the broken banking is more difficult than saying it 's been fooled ?
Who can tell me that this story is more difficult than to tell your five year-old son that you 're going to get divorced ?
There 's no more difficult , there 's only the hard thing .
We need to stop classifying what 's hard about what 's difficult to make us feel better or worse in relation to our cabinets , and we should just feel empathy because we all live a difficult thing .
At some point in our lives , we all live in cabinets , and they can make them feel security , or at least more security than you give the other side of the door .
But I 'm here to tell you that it does n't matter what their walls are made , a closet , is not a place to live .
Thank you . Just imagine themselves 20 years ago .
I , I had a horse tail , a dress and high-heeled shoes .
It was not lesbian militant prepared to fight any four years of four years that would come into coffee .
I was frozen in the fear , <unk> in a corner of my dark closet , my gay closet , and the move only a muscle is the most scary I ever had .
My family , my friends , complete strangers with which I 've spent my entire life trying to not be disappointed , and now the world was turning around .
I was burning the pages of a script that we 've all followed for so long , but if you do n't launch that grenade , it will kill you .
One of my most memorable grenade launches was my sister 's wedding .
It was the first time that many of us knew that it was gay , and when I did my Lady of honor to honor , in my black dress and heels . I walked around the tables and finally came to one where my parents ' friends were , people who knew me .
And after talking a moment , one of the women shouted , `` I love Nathan Lane ! ''
And the battle of the gay story had started .
`` Would you ever be on the Castro ? ''
`` Well , yes , the truth is we have friends in San Francisco . ''
`` Well , we 've never gone there , but we 've heard it 's fabulous . ''
`` <unk> , you know my <unk> Antonio ?
It 's very good , and he 's never talked about having a girlfriend . ''
`` <unk> , what 's your favorite TV program ?
Will our favorite program ? Will and Grace .
And you know who we love ? Jack .
Jack is our favorite one . ''
And then a woman , puzzling , but waiting desperately to show desperately his support , and he finally said that I was on my side , finally he said everywhere , `` Well , sometimes my husband uses pink shirt . ''
And I had an opportunity at that time , as they have all the Scud launch launchers .
Surely , it might have been easy to indicate where they felt like <unk> .
It 's not very hard to find them and realize the fact that they were <unk> .
And what else can you ask for somebody , but to strive ?
If you 're going to be authentic with somebody , you have to be prepared for the authentic thing that you get .
It 's how hard conversations continue without being my strong point .
Ask anybody who 's been out .
But I 'm getting better , and I 'm doing what I like to call the three principles of <unk> ' Girl .
Now , please look at this through gay perspective , but understand that what you mean out of anything is essentially the same thing .
Number one : Be authentic .
Turn around armor . Be yourself .
That child in the cafe did n't have armor , but I was ready for the battle .
If you want somebody to be genuine , others must know we also suffer .
Number two : Be direct . Just shake it . You 're going to make your patches .
If you know that they 're gay , <unk> .
If you say to their parents that maybe they might be gay , they will keep the hope that that could change .
Do n't give them a sense of hope .
And number three , and number three , let 's stop complex .
You communicate your truth .
You would never get rid of that .
And some of them can be injured , they can get hurt by what they 've done , but I 'm never sorry about what they are .
And I know , maybe some you feel being disappointed , but that 's something on them , not in you .
Those are the expectations of them about what you are , but not your own own .
That 's the story of them , but not you .
The only story that matters is that you want to write .
So next time you find out in a dark closet , you would get a grenade , you have to know that we 've all been there before .
And you may feel very lonely , but they 're not .
Thank you , Boulder . Enjoy the evening .
Intelligence , what is that ?
If you look at the story of how intelligence has seen , a productive example has been the famous quote by <unk> <unk> that `` The question of if a machine can think is as interesting as the question of if an submarine can swim . ''
When <unk> <unk> wrote this , it made it as a put-down of computer pioneers as Alan Turing .
And so , a few years ago , I took a program to try to understand the fundamental core mechanisms of intelligence .
So let 's take a step back .
First we start with a mental experiment .
Imagine that they 're an alien race , that you do n't know about the biology of the Earth or the Internet of the Earth , but they have incredible telescopes , and you can see the Earth , and they have incredibly long lives , so you can see the Earth for millions , even billions of years .
And you see a very strange effect .
Of course , like Earthlings , we know that we are trying to save ourselves .
We 're trying to avoid an impact .
But if you 're an alien race that does n't know anything about this , that it does n't have any concept about the Earth on Earth , you would be compelled to develop a physical theory that would explain how , up to a certain moment in time , the asteroids that <unk> the surface of a planet mysteriously stopped .
And so I claim that this is the same question that we can understand the physical nature of intelligence .
So in this program that led several years ago , I studied a variety of subjects through science , through various disciplines , which pointed out , I think , towards a single underlying mechanism of intelligence .
In cosmology , for example , there have been a variety of evidence that our universe seems to be accurately rightly for the development of intelligence , and in particular , for the development of universal states that <unk> the diversity of possible future .
Finally , in the planning of robotic motion , there have been a variety of recent techniques that have tried to harness the robots of robots to maximize the future freedom of action in order to perform complex tasks .
And so , taking all these different issues and <unk> together , asked , for a number of years : Is there an underlying mechanism for intelligence that we could take from all these different themes ?
Is there just an equation for intelligence ?
And I think the answer is . What you 're seeing is probably the closest equivalent of E = <unk> for the intelligence I 've ever seen .
So what you 're seeing here is an affirmation that intelligence is a force , F , that acts in order to maximize the future freedom of action .
It 's acting to maximize the future freedom of action , or to maintain open choices , with the diversity of possible future accessible , Yeah , until an impending future , tau time .
In a nutshell , intelligence does n't like caught up .
intelligence is trying to maximize the future freedom of action and maintain open choices .
And so , having this equation , it 's natural : what can you do with this ?
How predictive is it ?
Do you get the level of human intelligence ?
Do we write artificial intelligence ?
So I 'm going to show you now a video that I think , showing some of the amazing applications of this simple equation .
Narrator : <unk> research in cosmology have suggested that universes that produce more disorder , or `` entropy , '' during their life , should have the more favorable conditions to the existence of intelligent beings like us .
But what if that cosmological connection of the cosmological connection between entropy and intelligence would be a deeper relationship ?
What if smart behavior is not just correlated with the production of entropy , but actually emerges directly from it ?
To find out , we 've developed a software engine called <unk> , designed to maximize the production of entropy in the long term in any system that you find inside .
Amazingly , <unk> could pass multiple animal intelligence tests , play games of human games , and even making money trading , all of it without that he was told to do that .
Here are some examples of <unk> in action .
Just like a human standing without falling , here we see <unk> balancing a pole using a cart .
This behavior is remarkable partly because we never gave them a goal .
He just decided to balance the pole .
This ability of balance will have applications for humanoid robotics and human assistance technologies .
This ability of tools will have applications in intelligent manufacturing and agriculture .
Also , just like some other animals can cooperate on the opposite of a rope at the same time to release the food , so we see that <unk> can make a version of the model of that task .
This capacity of cooperation has really interesting consequences for economic planning and a variety of other fields .
<unk> is broadly applicable in a variety of domains .
So for example , here we see it successfully playing a game game playing against itself , and we would make their potential for play .
Here 's how we 're seeing these new connections in a social network where friends are constantly out and keeps the net very much connected .
This same <unk> capacity also has applications in health care , energy and intelligence .
Here we see <unk> organizing the routes of a fleet of boats , discovering successfully , and using the Panama Canal to scale its scope from the Atlantic to the Pacific .
In the same way , <unk> is widely applicable on problems in autonomous , logistics and transportation .
Finally , here we see spontaneously discovering and running a <unk> strategy , <unk> into a simulated negotiation series , successfully increase the assets under its exponentially .
This risk management ability will have vast applications in finance and insurance .
Alex <unk> : What you 've seen is that a variety of brands of basic cognitive behaviors like using tools , walking upright and social cooperation , all flow from one equation , which leads to a system to maximize their future action freedom .
Now , here 's a deep irony .
Let 's go back to the beginning of the term of the term robot , the work `` <unk> '' -- there was always the concept that if we make smart machines , there would be an cyber rebellion .
The machines looked for us .
One of the biggest consequences of this work is that maybe all of these decades , we 've had all the concept of cyber rebellion in reverse .
It 's not that the machines first become smart , and then <unk> and trying to take over the world .
It 's the opposite , that the urge to take the control of all the future possible is a more fundamental principle than the intelligence of intelligence , that the general intelligence can actually arise directly from taking control , rather than being backwards .
Another important implication is the pursuit of the goal .
I 'm often asked , `` How do you look for goals like this kind of framework ? ''
My equivalent of that statement to happen to the descendants of them to build artificial intelligences or to help them understand human extraterrestrial intelligence , is the following : intelligence has to be seen as a physical process that tries to maximize the future freedom of action and avoid constraints in their own future .
Thank you very much .
We are at a turning point in human history , something between the conquest of the stars and losing the planet that we call home .
Although , in the last few years , we 've expanded our knowledge of how Earth fits in the context of the universe .
The Kepler mission has discovered thousands of possible planets orbiting other stars , which points on the Earth is only one between the billions of planets in our galaxy .
Kepler is a space telescope that measures faint light intensity of stars when planets go through them , blocking a little bit of that light that comes to us .
The data 's picked up by Kepler , show the sizes of the planets in addition to the distance that there are between them and their mother star .
In conjunction , this helps us understand whether these planets are small and rocky as the Earth 's planets in our solar system , and also the amount of light they get from their suns .
Instead , this gives clues about whether these planets we find are habitable or not .
Unfortunately , as we 're finding this treasure of potentially livable worlds , our own planet is <unk> under the weight of humanity .
The year 2014 was the hottest hotter .
<unk> and sea ice that have been with us for millennia , are now disappearing in a matter of decades .
These environmental changes that we 've caused on global scale , have led rapidly our ability to alter their course .
But I 'm not the weather scientist , no astronomer .
But I study the <unk> of the planet being influenced by the stars , with hope to find places in the universe where to discover life beyond our planet .
You might say that I look for alien opportunities in the housing sector .
Now , as someone very interested in looking for life in the universe , I can tell you that the more we look for Earth-like planets , more enjoy our own planet .
Each of these new worlds invites a comparison between the newly discovered , and the planets that we know better : our solar system .
Take our neighbor , Mars .
Mars is small and <unk> , and despite being a little further from the Sun , it can be considered a potentially <unk> world to show this by a mission as the Kepler .
In fact , it 's possible that Mars has been habitable in the past , and part of it is why we studied both to Mars .
Our <unk> as the `` Curiosity '' tracks its surface into clues to clues to life as we know it .
The satellites that orbit it , like the <unk> mission , take samples of the atmosphere of Mars , and try to understand how Mars has been able to lose their Goldilocks .
The private companies now offer not only short space flights , but also the tempting possibility of living on Mars .
But even though all of these <unk> images remind us of the deserts of our planet , places that are linked in our imagination with <unk> and <unk> ideas , compared to the Earth , Mars is a pretty terrible place to live .
Let 's take the extension of the <unk> areas of our planet that still have to colonize , places really <unk> compared to Mars .
Even in the most dry and highest places of Earth , the air is fresh , and full of oxygen that 's used by our tropical forests to thousands of miles away .
I 'm worried that this excitement about the colonization of Mars and other planets , and I 'm concerned with a big , sad shadow : the implication , and the belief of some of the things that Mars would expect to save ourselves from this single planet of the only planet that we know is really <unk> , the Earth .
So I mean , I mean , I mean , I 'm particularly deep with this idea .
There 's a lot of good reasons for going to Mars , but to say that Mars is going to be there for safeguarding humanity is as to imagine the captain of the Titanic will be a place later on the <unk> <unk> . Thank you .
But goals for exploring <unk> and land preservation are not <unk> .
No , they 're actually faces of the same coin : the goal of understanding , to preserve and improve life in the future .
The extreme environments present in our world look like alien aliens .
Only that you find closer to home .
If we can understand how to create and maintain these habitable spaces , in the hostile , hot areas of land , maybe we can meet the need to preserve our environment and go beyond that .
I 'll leave you with a thought experiment : paradox of Fermi .
Many years ago , Enrico Fermi asked asked : keeping in mind that our universe has been around for a long time , and we hope there were many planets in this universe , we should have found evidence of the existence of extraterrestrial life so far .
Well , where are you ?
Well , a possible solution to the paradox of Fermi is that when civilizations become advanced advanced to consider to keep the stars between the stars , losing the notion of how important the origin of the planets is to protect the origin of the planets .
It 's arrogant to think that it 's arrogant to think that we 're going to save ourselves from ourselves , but planetary preservation and exploration can work together .
If we really believe in our ability to bend the hostile environments of Mars to human presence , then we should be able to overcome the task even easier to preserve the Goldilocks .
Thank you .
A few years ago , I was taking my own house .
And while I was on the front porch looking in my pockets , I realized I did n't have the keys .
In fact , I could see the window that were on the dining table , where he left them .
So fast , I tried to open all the other doors and windows , and they were all fine closed .
I thought I 'd call a <unk> , at least I had my cell phone , but at midnight , a <unk> might take a long time to get , and it was cold .
I could n't go back home from my friend 's friend 's friend , because I had a flight early to Europe , because I had a flight early in the morning , and I was <unk> from my passport and my suitcase .
<unk> expensive , but surely it 's not more expensive than a <unk> at night , so I thought , despite the circumstances , I 'd just stopped .
I 'm a profession and I know a little bit about how the brain works under stress .
It releases cortisol that increases heart rate , <unk> your adrenaline levels and <unk> thinking .
And when I got to <unk> <unk> at the airport , I realized I did n't have my passport .
Well , I had a lot of time to think about those eight hours without sleep .
And I started wondering , if there was something that I could do , systems that could put in its place , that you can avoid that bad things happen .
Or , at least , if bad things happen , that we will make the probability of a total catastrophe .
So I started thinking about that , but until a month after my thoughts , I did n't know .
I was having dinner with my colleague , Danny <unk> , who was a Nobel Prize , and a little embarrassed he told him that I broke the window , and I had forgotten my passport , and Danny shared with me who 'd been doing something called a retrospective hindsight .
It 's something that he had learned from the psychologist Gary psychologist who had written this for a few years before , known as the <unk> .
You all know what the <unk> is .
Every time there 's a disaster , an expert team comes and tries to figure out what went wrong , right ?
In <unk> , like Danny 's explaining to Danny , you 're looking forward and tries to figure out all the things that might go wrong , then trying to figure out what can do to prevent things to happen or to minimize the damage .
So what I want to talk about with you is some things that we can do in the form of a <unk> .
Some of them are evident , others are n't so evident .
I 'm going to start with obvious .
In the house , we 'll make it a place for things that are easily lost .
This sounds common sense , and it is , but there 's a lot of science that supports this thesis , based on how our spatial memory works .
There 's a structure in the brain called hippocampus , which has evolved over thousands of years , to track the location of the important things , where it 's good , where the fish are , in places that shapes <unk> trees , where tribes live and enemies .
The hippocampus is the part of the brain that was <unk> in the <unk> of London .
It 's the part of the brain that allows the squirrels to find their nuts .
And if you ask if somebody really did the experiment , they cut the sense of <unk> on the squirrels and yet they could find their nuts .
They did n't use smell , but the hippocampus , that really evolved mechanism of the brain to find things .
But it 's really good for things that they do n't move much , not so good for things that move a lot .
This is the reason for losing your car keys , reading glasses and passports .
So at home , I would get a place for your keys , a hook on the door , maybe a decorative dish .
For your passport , a singular crate .
For your reading mask , a blank slate .
If you put a place and you 're <unk> with it , your things will always be there when you look for them .
What about travel ?
Take with your cell phone a picture of your credit card license , driving , <unk> , <unk> by email themselves so they 're in the cloud .
If these things are lost or steal , it can facilitate substitution .
So these are some of the most obvious things .
Remember , when you 're under stress , your brain releases cortisol .
Cyber cortisol is toxic , and they would break the thinking .
So part of the <unk> practice is to recognize that under stress we wo n't be at the best time , and you have to put the systems on their site .
And there 's perhaps no more stressful situations than when you face a medical decision .
And at some point , we 're all going to be in that situation , of having to make a very important decision about the future of our healthcare or a loved one , to help them with a decision .
And so I want to talk about that .
And I 'll talk about a very particular medical condition .
But this is <unk> as a <unk> for all of making medical decisions , and in fact for making financial decisions and social decisions , any kind of decision that you have to take from which you would benefit a rational assessment of the facts .
So suppose you go to the doctor and the doctor says , `` I 've got the result of the lab , and the cholesterol is a little high . ''
You all know that high cholesterol is associated with a greater risk of cardiovascular disease , heart attack , stroke .
So you 're thinking that having high cholesterol is not the best , then the doctor says , `` I 'd like to give you a drug that will help you reduce your cholesterol , a <unk> . ''
And maybe you 've heard of the <unk> , and you know it 's one of the most prescribed drugs in the world today , and you 're even likely to know people taking them .
So you 're thinking , `` Yes , I 'm going to take the <unk> ! ''
But there 's a question that you have to do then , a statistic that is supposed to ask for the most doctors do n't want to speak , and the drug companies even less .
It 's for the <unk> , the number you need to treat .
And what is this , the <unk> ?
It 's the number of people who have to take a drug or to submit surgery in any medical procedure before you help a person .
And you should think of what kind of <unk> statistic is that ?
The number needs to be one .
My doctor did n't get to me if I was n't going to help me .
But actually , medical practice does n't work like this .
And it 's not your doctor 's fault , and if it 's somebody 's fault , it 's the scientists like me .
We have n't really understood the underlying mechanisms .
But estimates of <unk> that 90 percent of the drugs work only 30 percent of the people .
So the number you need to treat the most widely learned , which do you think it 's ?
How many people have to take it before they help one person ?
300 .
This according to <unk> researchers ' research <unk> and Pamela <unk> , <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> .
I myself explored the numbers .
300 people have to take the drug for a year before they were avoiding a single heart attack , stroke or another event changer .
Now you might think , `` Well , one probability in 300 to get my cholesterol .
Why not , doctor ? <unk> the recipe anyway . ''
But then you have to ask for a little bit of statistics , and it 's , `` <unk> the side effects . '' Right ?
For this particular drug , the side effects are produced in five percent of the patients .
And those include terrible things : debilitating muscle and articulate and articulate , GI pain , but now you think , `` Five percent is not very likely to happen to me , still take the medicine . ''
But a moment .
Remember , under stress does n't think clearly .
So , think about how we did this over time , so you do n't have to make the chain of reasoning in the act .
300 people take the drug , not ? A person has helped , five percent of the 300 have side effects , that 's 15 people .
You have 15 times more likely to get harmed by the drug that will help the drug .
I do n't say they should or not taking the <unk> .
I just say they must have this conversation with your doctor .
The medical ethic takes it , is part of the principle of informed consent .
We have a right to have access to this kind of information to initiate the conversation about whether you want to take the risks or not .
And you may be thinking that I 've launched this number in the air for the value of the crash , but actually this number you need to treat is quite typical .
For the surgery that it 's more done in the older men in 50 , <unk> cancer cancer , the number you need to try is 49 .
That is , 49 surgeries for a person who has helped .
And the side effects in that case are produced in 50 percent of the patients .
Those include impotence , or erectile dysfunction , urinary incontinence , <unk> fecal incontinence , fecal incontinence .
And if you 're lucky , and it 's one of that 50 percent of the effects just a year or two .
So the idea of <unk> is to think of time , the questions that you might argue that we would get the conversation forward .
You do n't have to make all of this in the act .
And you also want to think of quality of life .
Because you have a choice many times , do you want a shorter life of pain , or a longer life that could have a lot of pain in the end ?
These are the things that they talk about and think about now , with their family and their loved ones .
They can change the heat of the moment , but at least you 're trained in this kind of thinking .
Remember , our brain releases low stress , and one of the things that happens at that moment is that you go off a lot of systems .
There 's an evolutionary reason for this .
<unk> face with a predator , you do n't need the digestive system , or the libido or the immune system , because if your body is spending the metabolism on those things , it does n't react fast . You might be the lunch of lions , so none of that matters .
Unfortunately , one of the things that is going through the window during those moments of stress is rational thought , like Danny <unk> and his colleagues have shown .
So we have to train them to think about the future to these kinds of situations .
I think the important thing here is recognizing that we are all failing .
We 're all going to fail every time .
The idea is to think about the future , how they might be that <unk> , to put systems in the place that will help minimize the damage , or to prevent the bad things out of bad things happen in the first place .
I went back to the night of snow in Montreal , when I came back from my journey , my contractor set up a combination of combination along the door , with a key to entry into the same , an easy way to remember it .
And I have to admit that I still have lots of letters that I have n't ordered , and lots of email messages I have n't read .
So I 'm not very organized , but I see the organization as a gradual process , and I 'm doing it .
Thank you very much .
Interpreter : <unk> , `` dreaming , '' is my favorite musical symbol .
It means <unk> .
If you 're playing a musical instrument , and you see a `` <unk> '' on the score , you need to play more softly .
Two <unk> , even more gentle .
Four . <unk> , extremely smooth .
This is my drawing of a <unk> tree , and there you see it does n't matter how many thousands and thousands of the dreaming may have , you can never get a complete silence .
That 's my current definition of silence : a very dark sound .
I 'd like to share a little bit about the story of the American system of signs , the <unk> , in addition to a little bit of my own story .
The French sign language came over the 1950s , and over time , I mixed with local signs , and developed the language that we know today as <unk> .
So , it has a story about 200 years .
I was born deaf , and I was taught to believe that the sound was n't a part of my life .
And I thought it was true .
However , I realize it 's not true at all .
The sounds are a very important part of my life , really , in my mind every day .
As a person who lives in a world of sounds , it 's as if I lived in a foreign country , it 's as if I lived in a foreign country , following their rules , customs behaviors and norms .
So how do I understand the sound ?
Well , I see how people behave and respond to sound .
People are like my speakers and amplify the sound .
And I 'm a learner and <unk> that behavior .
At the same time , I 've learned that I can create sounds , and I 've seen how people respond .
So I 've learned , for example ...
`` No door ! ''
`` Do n't do a lot of noise when you eat this potato bag ! ''
`` Do n't criticize it , and when you 're eating , make sure not scratch the covered in the dish . ''
I call this `` sound tag . ''
Maybe I think of the sound of sound more than the average person does .
I 'm <unk> <unk> .
And I 'm always waiting for nervousness the sound , which is to come next .
From there , this drawing .
<unk> , to decide .
<unk> , to continue .
<unk> , to announce .
You can see that <unk> has no notes on the lines .
That 's because the lines already contain sounds through the subtle <unk> and blobs .
In the culture deaf , the movement is equivalent to sound .
This is the sign for `` <unk> . ''
A typical <unk> has five lines .
However , to me , to make it with my thumb that does n't feel natural .
That 's why I just have four lines on the paper .
In 2008 , I had the opportunity to travel to Berlin , Germany , for an artistic residence there .
Before this time , I had worked as <unk> .
During this summer , I went to museums and spaces of different galleries , and as I went from one place to another , I realized there was no visual art there .
At that moment , the sound was the trend , and that 's what I became aware of .
There was no visual art , it was all auditory .
Now the sound has come into my territory of art .
Is it more than art ?
I realized it does n't have to be like that .
In fact , I know the sound .
I know it so well that you do n't just experience through your ears .
I can feel it <unk> , or experience experience visually , or even as an idea .
So I decided to reclaim the sound of sound and <unk> in my artistic practice .
And everything I had taught me in terms of the sound , decided to leave it and break it up .
I started creating a new job .
And when I presented it to the artistic community , I was shocked with the amount of support and attention that I received .
I realized that sound is like money , power , control -- social currency .
At the bottom of my mind , I always felt that the sound was oblivious , it was a kind of a listener .
And sound is so powerful that it could be <unk> to me and my artwork , or I could empower me .
I chose to get it out .
There 's a massive culture around language .
And just because I do n't use my literal voice to communicate , the eyes of society is like he had no voice at all .
So I have to work with people who can support me and become my voice .
That way I 'm able to be relevant in society today .
So in school , at work and institutions , work with many different performers of <unk> .
And his voice becomes my voice and identity .
They help me be listened .
And their voices have value and weight .
Ironically , when I was asking for her voices , I 'm able to maintain a temporary form of value something like taking a really high interest rate .
If I do n't continue with this practice , I feel like I could be able to go into oblivion and not have any kind of social value .
So , with sound like my new artistic medium , <unk> in the music world .
And I was surprised by seeing the similarities between music and <unk> .
For example , a musical note can not capture and fully express the paper .
And the same thing can be said for a concept in <unk> .
And both of these are very <unk> and highly remixable , which means that subtle changes can affect all the meaning of the signals both of the signals .
I 'd like to share with you a metaphor for the piano , so you 'll understand better how the <unk> works .
So , imagine a piano .
The <unk> is divided into many different <unk> parameters .
If you mapping a different parameter for each finger while you 're playing the piano , like facial expression , the movement of the body , the speed , the shape of your hand , and so , while you touch the piano , the English is a linear language , as if you hit one key at the same time .
However , <unk> is more like a chord , you need the 10 fingers simultaneously to express a concept of clear or idea in <unk> .
If one key would change the chord , it would create a completely different meaning .
Same thing happens with music in terms of pitch , timbre and volume .
In <unk> , by using these different <unk> parameters , you can express different ideas .
For example , the sign of it .
This is the <unk> sign on that .
I 'm looking at you .
<unk> straight .
Oh , I 'm up to me .
Uh oh .
What are you looking at ?
Ah , just !
So I started thinking , and if I look at the fence through the music lens ?
If I had to create a sign of it , and you 'll plug it over and over again , it could be like a piece of visual music .
For example , this is the sign of the day , the sun comes out and it goes .
This is `` every day . ''
If you zoom in and slow down , you visually see it as a piece of music .
All day .
I feel that the same thing can be called `` all night . ''
`` All night . ''
This is all night in this drawing .
And this led me to think about three different types of nights , `` Last night , '' `` during the night , '' `` all night . ''
I feel the third one is more than the other two .
This represents how time expresses time in <unk> and how the body can express changes in time .
For example , one <unk> . It 's a hand , two <unk> . It 's two hands , the present gets closer , and in front of the body , the future is in front of the body , and the past is on the back .
So , the first example is , `` It 's a long time ago . ''
Then , `` past '' and the last one , which is my favorite , with a very romantic idea at once , `` Once there was . ''
`` Common Time '' is a musical term with a specific rhythm of four times a compass .
However , when I look at the word `` ordinary time '' I think automatically at the same time .
See <unk> : E : E : left hand .
We have the <unk> through the head and the chest .
( Face 2 : <unk> , flashlight ! ] [ In his chest : ] E : E : E : E , flashlight , ] I 'm going to show you a shape of the hand called `` flashlight limb . ''
Can you do it with me ?
All with your hands at high .
Now we 're going to do it so much in the head , like the chest , which is kind of a <unk> , `` at the same time . ''
Yeah , very good .
That means `` fall in love '' in the international system .
The international system , as you can tell , is a visual tool to help communicate in all cultures and the signs of signs around the world .
The second one I 'd like to show you is this . Please do it with me again .
And now this .
It means `` colonization . ''
Now , the third . Please follow me again .
And again , again .
It 's `` lighting '' in <unk> .
Let 's do the three together .
`` <unk> '' and `` colonization '' and `` lighting . ''
Good job .
And look at how the three signs are very similar . They all occur in the head and the chest , but they pass very different meanings .
It 's amazing to see how <unk> is alive and thriving , just like music .
However , today , we live in a very <unk> world .
And just because <unk> does n't have the sounds , it automatically does n't have social value .
We need to start questioning what defines social value and allow the <unk> to grow their own value , without sounds .
And this could be a step to make a more inclusive society .
And maybe people will understand that you do n't have to be deaf to learn how to learn them , and we do n't need to hear music .
<unk> is a treasure rich , and I would like you to have the same experience .
I 'd like to invite you to open your ears , open your eyes , to participate in our culture and experience our visual language .
And you never know , they can even fall in love with us .
Thank you .
<unk> <unk> : Hey , that 's me .
As a child , my parents said , `` You can do it all , but then you have to clean up . ''
Freedom involves responsibility .
But my imagination led me to all these wonderful places , where everything was possible .
So I grew up on an innocence of an innocence or a ignorance bubble , I have to say , because adults were lied to us to protect ourselves from the horrible truth .
When I became older , I found out that adults also <unk> , and they 're not very good at cleaning the others .
Time happened , now I 'm an adult and I teach citizen and invention in Hong Kong .
You do n't have to wait a lot so that my students walk through the beach <unk> with lots of garbage .
So as good citizens , we cleaned up the beaches , and no , you 're not drinking alcohol , and if it is , I did n't give it .
It 's sad to say , but now more than 80 percent of the oceans contain plastic .
It 's kind of creepy .
And over the last decades , we 've been coming out with these big ships and networks , and we 've got these pieces of plastic to study them under the microscope , and we classify them into the microscope , and we classify this information on a map .
But it lasts for an eternity and it 's very expensive , and it 's also very risky to use these huge boats .
So along with my students , with ages six to 15 years , we dream about inventing a better way .
We 've transformed our tiny classroom in Hong Kong in a workshop .
We started building this table of work with <unk> , so that <unk> kids can also participate .
And I 'll tell you , kids who manipulate electrical tools feel great and secure .
Not exactly .
Let 's go back to plastic .
We collect plastic and we reduce it to the size that we find in the ocean , which is very small because of its fragmentation .
That 's what we do .
I 'll leave you with my students ' imagination .
My job is to try to take the best ideas from every child and try to get it into something that we expect to work .
So we decided instead of collecting pieces of plastic , just <unk> information .
By using a robot , we take a picture of this plastic -- kids get very excited with robots .
Then we created what we call `` a prototype . ''
We are so fast in creating prototypes that we 've done before lunch .
And we 'll turn light bulbs and web cameras on accessories and we assemble it into a floating robot that 's moving slowly through the water and the plastic we have there , and this is the picture captured by the robot .
We see the pieces of plastic , and it 's slowly floating through the sensor as the computer on board to process this image and measure the size of each particle , to get a rough estimate of the amount of plastic in the water .
We were going to make this invention step on a website for inventors called `` Like <unk> , '' with the hope that someone can make it better .
The great thing about this project is that the students saw a local problem , and boom , they 're trying to get it right away .
[ I can investigate my local problem ] But my students in Hong Kong are very well informed .
You see the news , you get the Internet , and you get rid of this image .
A kid , maybe less than 10 years , cleaning up an oil spill , just using the hands , in <unk> , the largest mangrove forest in the world in Bangladesh .
They were shocked because this is the water you drink , it 's the water that you bathe , the water where they live , the place where they live .
You can also see that the water is brown , the mud , and the oil is also brown and when everything mixes , it 's very difficult to see what 's in the water .
But there 's a simple technology called <unk> , which allows you to see what 's in the water .
So we built a first prototype of an olive that can burn through all kinds of chemicals that produce different spectra , which can help you identify what 's in the water .
We had this prototype with a sensor and we sent it to Bangladesh .
The great thing about this project is that beyond solving a local problem , or looking at a local problem , my students used their empathy and their sense of creativity to help other kids .
[ I can investigate a <unk> problem ] I was forced to make a second experiment , and I wanted to go a little further , maybe to address a harder problem , and also closer to me .
I 'm half Japanese and French and maybe remember , that in 2011 , there was an devastating earthquake in Japan .
It was so violent that triggered several giant waves , so-called tsunamis , and those tsunamis were producing many cities on the east coast of Japan .
Over 14 people died in a moment .
It also gives the nuclear power plant of Fukushima , a nuclear central power plant .
And today , according to the reports of a 300 tons are still leaking from the nuclear plant in the Pacific Ocean .
Today , the entire Pacific Ocean has traces of pollution by <unk> .
If we go to the west coast , we can measure Fukushima radiation everywhere .
But if you look at the map , it seems that most radiation of radiation disappeared from the Japanese coast , and most of them , the moment , is very safe , is blue .
Well , it 's a little bit more complicated than that .
I 've gone back to Fukushima every year from the crash and independently with other scientists , the land , the river , and this time we wanted to bring children .
Of course we do n't get them , the parents could n't .
But every night we reported the center of control -- here you see the use of different masks .
It might seem that they did n't take the work seriously , but they did because they 're going to have to live with your entire life .
Together with them , we discuss the data , and we talk about what we were going to do later , the strategies , the <unk> , etc .
And to do this , we created a <unk> map of the region around the nuclear power plant .
We created the rise map , we 've introduced pigment to represent data in real time of radioactivity , and <unk> water to simulate the rain .
With this , we could notice that the radioactive powder was headed from the top of the mountain to the <unk> system and <unk> in the ocean .
It was a rough estimate .
But based on this we organized a civil expedition , the nearest nuclear expedition to date .
We zoom in to 1.5 miles of nuclear power , and with the fishermen assistance from the area , we were collecting sediments from the sea floor with a tracking set of sediment as we invented and build .
Here 's a progression : we 've gone from a local problem to a remote problem , to a global problem .
And it 's been very exciting to work on these different scales , and it 's also very simple open-source technologies .
But at the same time , it 's been increasingly frustrating because we 've only been starting to measure the damage we 've done .
We have n't even started trying to solve the problems .
I wonder if we should take the leap and try to invent better ways to do all these things .
So the classroom became a little bit small , so we found an industrial installation in Hong Kong , we converted it into the larger space dedicated to social and environmental impact .
It 's in the center of Hong Kong , and it 's a place where we can work with wood , metal , chemistry , a little bit of biology , of optics , basically , you can build almost almost everything there .
It 's also a place where adults and kids can play together .
It 's a place where the dreams of children can become reality with adult help , and where adults can be children again .
Students : acceleration ! <unk> !
<unk> <unk> : We asked things like : Can we invent the future of mobility with renewable energy ?
For example .
Or can we help in the mobility of the elderly population transforming their standard wheels in new electrical vehicles .
The plastic and oil and <unk> are terrible , but the worst legacy we can leave our kids are lies .
We ca n't afford to protect the kids from the horrible truth because we need their imagination to invent the solutions .
So , scientists , creators , <unk> , we have to prepare the next generation to care about the environment and people care , and so I can actually do something about it .
Thank you .
Two twin domes , two radically opposite design cultures .
One is made out of thousands of steel , the other one of a single silk thread .
One of them is synthetic , the other organic .
One puts it on the environment , the other one is created .
One is designed by nature , the other for her .
Michelangelo said that when he looked at the gross GDP , he saw a figure that 's going to be free .
The <unk> was unique to Michelangelo .
But living beings are not <unk> .
They grow .
And in the smallest units of life , the cells , we carry all the information required for every cell to work and replicate .
The tools also have consequences .
At least since the Industrial Revolution , the world of design has been dominated by rigors of manufacturing and production .
Now , the assembly lines have dictated a world made out of parts , and we would provide the imagination of designers and trained architects to think of their objects as a <unk> of discreet parts with different functions .
But you do n't find <unk> material in nature .
Think of the human skin , for example .
Our facial skins are thin with <unk> pores .
The skins of the back are thicker with little pores .
One acts mostly as a filter , the other mainly as a barrier , and yet it 's the same skin : there 's no parts , there 's no <unk> .
It 's a system that is gradually varied its functionality through the variation of elasticity .
Here 's a divided display which represents my view of the divided world , the double personality of every designer and an architect to work on the ground and the organism , between the machine and the organism , between assembly and growth , between Henry Ford and Charles Darwin .
These two visions of the world , my left hemisphere and the right , analysis and synthesis , is shown in the two screens after me .
My job , in its simplest level , tries to bring these two visions of the world , moving away from assembly and approaching growth .
You 're probably wondering : Why now ?
Why was n't this possible 10 or even five years ago ?
We live in a very special moment in history , a rare moment , where you get four disciplines that offers access to tools that you had never had access to before .
And at the intersection of these four fields , my team and I created .
Please know the minds and my hands of my students .
We designed objects , products , structures and tools across scales , of large scale , like this robotic arm with a functioning basis that some single day not very far to print entire buildings , and graphics at the nanoscale made from genetically modified microorganisms that glow in the dark .
So here we have <unk> the latticework on , an archetype of the ancient Arab architecture , and has created a screen where every aperture is only size to model the form of light and heat through it .
In our next project , we explored the possibility of creating a layer and a skirt . This was for a fashion parade shop in Paris , they 're going to be <unk> . It 's like a second skin made out of a single piece , put it on the contours , flexible around the waist .
<unk> with 3D printing collaborator , we printed this layer and 3D skirt without seams between the cells . I 'll show more objects like that .
This helmet combines with rigid and soft materials in the resolution of 20 microns .
This is the resolution of a human hair .
It 's also the resolution of a <unk> scanner .
That designers have access to this high-resolution analytical and the synthetic instruments , it allows us to design products that are embedded not only the shape of our bodies , but also the physiological structure of our tissues .
We 've also designed an acoustic chair , a chair at the structural , comfortable and also absorb sound .
The Carter teacher , my collaborator , we went back to nature to inspire , and by designing this irregular surface pattern , it becomes <unk> .
It 's going to look at this surface of 44 different properties , which vary in stiffness , <unk> and color , attached to the points of pressure in the human body .
Their surface , as in nature , varies its functionality not through the addition of another material or another assembly , but continuously <unk> and mirrors material .
But is it the ideal nature ?
Is n't there parts in nature ?
I was n't raised in a religious Jewish home , but when I was young , my grandmother told me stories of the Hebrew Bible , and one of them stayed and came to define a lot of what I care about .
As she says , `` On the third day of the Creation , God sends the Earth to grow a <unk> tree of fruit . ''
For that first <unk> tree , there would be no difference between trunk , branches , leaves and fruits .
The whole tree was a fruit .
Instead , land has grown trees with branches , crust , stems and flowers .
The land created a world made out of parts .
I 'm often asking myself , `` What would be the design if objects did that one piece ?
Do you get a better state of creation ? ''
So we looked for the biblical material , the kind of <unk> material with fruits , and we found it .
The second <unk> <unk> on the planet is called <unk> , and about 100 million tons occur every year for organisms , crabs , scorpions , scorpions and butterflies .
We think that if we could tune in to their properties , we could generate structures in one piece .
So that 's what we did .
We call it legal <unk> . We asked a lot of shrimp shrimp , the <unk> and produced pasta .
We 've been able to reduce chemical concentrations , we 've been able to achieve a wide range of properties , from dark , hard and opaque , to the light , smooth and transparent .
To print the structures on a large scale , it was built a system with multiple <unk> nozzles .
The robot could vary the properties of the material on the fly and create these structures made from a single <unk> material , 100 percent recyclable .
When the pieces are ready , you leave them off to find a natural shape to the air of the air .
So why are we still designing with plastic ?
The air bubbles that were a byproduct of the printing process were used to contain harbor microorganisms that appeared for the first time on the planet , three billion years ago , as we heard yesterday .
Together with our collaborators at Harvard and MIT , <unk> the bacteria genetically to catch carbon from the atmosphere and turn it into sugar .
For the first time , we 've been able to generate structures that make their transition without mesh beams , and if it broadens even more , to windows .
A <unk> tree of fruit .
Working with an ancient material , one of the first life forms of life on the planet , with abundant water and a little bit of synthetic biology , we 've transformed a structure made from shrimp husks into an architecture that behaves like a tree .
And here 's the best part : For those objects that are designed to biodegrade , put in the sea , narrow marine life ; and put them on the ground , they will help grow a tree .
<unk> for our next exploration using the same design principles was the solar system .
We 're looking for the possibility of creating clothes to maintain the life for <unk> journeys .
To do that , we must dominate the bacteria and control their flow .
So as the periodic table , we made our own elements of elements : new forms of life created <unk> , made of additive form and biological form .
I like to think of synthetic biology as the liquid closeness , just rather than rather than very precious metals , new functionalities of biological functionalities within very small channels .
This field is called microfluidics .
We were putting our own 3D channels to control the flow of these liquid bacterial crops .
In our first piece of clothing , they combined two microorganisms .
The first is the <unk> .
He lives in our oceans and in the freshwater ponds .
And the second , E. coli , the bacteria that lived in the human intestine .
One becomes the light in sugar , the other use sugar and produces useful biofuels for the built environment .
But these two microorganisms do n't interact in nature .
In fact , they never met .
They 're here , designed for the first time , to have a relationship in a piece of clothing .
Think of it as evolution , not by natural selection , but evolution by design .
In order to contain these relationships , we 've created a single channel that looks like the digestive tract , that will help you flow these bacteria and that they will respond to their way .
So we started to grow these channels in the human body , <unk> the properties of material according to the desired functionality .
If we wanted more photosynthesis , they were more transparent channels .
This wearable digestive system , when it stretch from one end to another , takes 60 meters .
This is half the length of a football field , and 10 times more than our small intestine .
And here it is , as we are here at TED , our first portable photosynthetic channels , which is very bright liquids , with our own clothes .
Thank you .
Mary Shelley said , `` We are <unk> creatures , only half is made . ''
What if design would get the other half ?
What if we could create structures that increase living stuff ?
And if we could create personal <unk> , which we would build our skin , do it <unk> the damaged tissue and hold our bodies ?
Think of this as a way of editing biology .
I call this material ecology .
For that , you always have to go back to nature .
So now , you know that a 3D printer prints up material .
It 's also known that nature does n't do this .
It grows with sophistication .
This cocoon of worm , for example , creates a highly sophisticated architecture , a home within which they 're <unk> .
<unk> manufacturing is approaching this level of sophistication .
It does it by combining not two materials , but two proteins in different concentrations .
One acts as a structure , the other is the glue or the matrix , putting those fibers together .
And this happens across scales .
The silk worm first turns into the environment , creates a tension structure , and then starts drilling a cocoon of compression .
The tension and compression , the two forces of life , they manifest themselves in a single material .
In order to understand better how this complex process works , we attach a small magnet to the head of a silk worm , to the row .
We put it into a box with magnetic sensors , and that allowed us to create this cloud of points in three dimensions and visualize the complex architecture from cocoon of silk worm .
However , when you put the silk worm in a flat patch , not within a box , we realized that I would take a cocoon and still <unk> it .
So we started designing different environments , different scaffolding , and we 've discovered that the shape , the composition , the cocoon of cocoon , is transmitted directly by the environment .
Often , the silk worms are often up to death within their cocoons , their silk gets rid and used in the textile industry .
We saw that designing these templates can shape raw silk without boiling just a cocoon .
It 's <unk> <unk> , and we could create these things .
So we climbed this process up to architectural scale .
We had a robot <unk> by making templates for silk , and we put ourselves in our site .
We knew that silk worms went into the darkest and cold areas , so we use a solar route diagram to reveal the distribution of light and heat in our structure .
So we created holes or <unk> , to block the rays from the light and heat , distributes the silk worms on the structure .
We were prepared to receive caterpillars .
<unk> silk worms had a online silk farm .
And after to feed them four weeks , they were ready to get them down .
We put them carefully at the bottom of the scaffolding , and as they <unk> , <unk> , <unk> , they put eggs , and life begins again , like us , but a lot , much shorter .
Buckminster Fuller said that tension is the great integrity , and he was right .
At high silk , biological silk on <unk> silk , they give all this pavilion out of its integrity .
And in a bit more than two or three weeks , they tagged silk worms repetitive worms .
In a curious symmetry , this is also the length of the silk route .
<unk> , after <unk> , produce 1.5 million eggs .
This could be used for 250 pavilions in the future .
So here are the two visions of the world .
One silk <unk> through a robotic arm , the other full empty arm .
If the last frontier of design is to give life to products and the buildings around us , to form a ecology of two materials , designers should bring these two visions of the world .
Which brings us back , of course , at the beginning .
Here 's a new design of design , a new era of creation , which brings us from a design inspired by nature to nature , which demands for us , for the first time , that we make ourselves in charge of nature .
Thank you .
Thank you very much . Thank you .
Hands up if you 've ever asked you , `` What do you want to be more of ? ''
If you had to remember what age they had when they asked them for the first time this ?
You can <unk> with your fingers .
Three . Five . Three . Three . Five .
Now raise your hand if you ask the question , `` What do you want to be more of ? ''
They have caused some kind of anxiety .
Any anxiety .
I 'm somebody who could never answer the question `` What do you want to be more of ? ''
The problem was n't that I had no interest , but I had too many .
In school I liked English , kill and art and art and building websites . Furthermore , he played the guitar in a punk band called <unk> <unk> .
You may have heard of us .
And in general , I like to try and persist anyway , for having spent a lot of time and energy and sometimes money in this field .
But over time , this feeling of boredom , this feeling , this is no longer a challenge , it gets to <unk> .
And I have to leave it .
But then I got bored by something else , something totally different , and I 'm going to get myself up and feel `` Yes ! I 've found my way , '' and then again this point where I started <unk> .
And finally , I want to leave it .
But then I 'd like to discover something new and different , and I 'd like to go into that .
This pattern caused me a lot of anxiety , for two reasons .
The first one was because I was n't sure how I was going to convert this into a career .
I thought I had to choose one thing , to deny all my other passions , and let them go to <unk> .
Another reason that caused so much anxiety was a little more personal .
I was worried that there was something wrong with this , and something bad for me is not going to do anything .
I was worried about being afraid of engagement , or being dispersed , or <unk> or my own success .
If I can relate to my story , and these feelings , I 'd like to ask you something that I 'd like to do then .
Ask yourself , where they learned to allocate the meaning of bad or abnormal to do things .
I 'll tell you where they learned that , they learned it from culture .
We asked ourselves first , `` What do you want to be more of ? ''
It 's when we 're about five years old .
And the truth is , nobody cares about what they 're going to do at that age .
There 's a naive question to cause nice answers in kids like , `` Being an astronaut , '' or `` being a dancer , '' or `` I want to be pirate . ''
I was going to get the costume suit here .
So this question gets us over and over again as you grow up in different ways , the dreaming , for example , high school students asked them to choose in college .
And at some point , `` What do you want to be more of ? ''
It 's going to be the nice exercise of being the very nice exercise of what sleep takes us .
Why ?
If this issue inspires kids to dream about what they might be , not inspires to dream with everything that they might be .
In fact , right , right , just the opposite , because when someone asks what you want to be , you ca n't respond to 20 different things , even though they say they 're laugh , and say , `` Oh , what nice , but you ca n't be a artisan and a psychologist .
You have to choose . ''
This is Dr. Bob Childs , and he 's a artisan and <unk> artisan .
And this Amy Ng , editor of magazine turned into <unk> , entrepreneur , teacher and director .
But most kids do n't hear about people like this .
All you hear is they 're going to have to choose .
But it 's more than that .
The notion of life centered is very idealized in our culture .
It 's this idea of fate , or the real vocation , the idea that each one of us has something to devote during their time on this land , and you have to figure out what that thing is and to devote their life to it .
But if you 're somebody who 's not connected in this way ?
What happens if there 's a lot of different topics that wake up their curiosity and a lot of different things that you want to do ?
There 's no place for someone like one in that framework .
And so you can feel alone .
You can feel that you do n't have a goal .
And you feel something wrong with one .
There 's nothing wrong with you .
You 're a <unk> .
An <unk> is somebody with lots of interests and creative activities .
It 's a breath for that way .
It could help if it is divided into three parts : multiple , potential and <unk> .
You can also use other terms as a scholar , as a scholar , <unk> .
During the Renaissance of the Renaissance , the ideal was who was right in multiple disciplines .
Barbara <unk> refers to us as `` scanners . ''
Do any term you like or <unk> yourself .
It seems like a kind of adapt to a community , we ca n't agree with one identity .
It 's easy to see <unk> as limitation or woe you have to beat .
But what I 've learned about talking to people and writing about these ideas on my website , is that there are enormous strengths in this way .
Here are three superpowers .
One : the synthesis of ideas .
I mean , the combination of two or more fields and creating something new at the intersection .
<unk> <unk> and Rachel <unk> expressed their interests in cartography , visualization of data , trips , math and design , as we found <unk> .
<unk> is a company that creates a <unk> jewels .
<unk> and Rachel came up with this unique idea for his mix of skills and experiences .
The innovation happens at intersections .
That 's where new ideas come from .
And the <unk> , with all their background , can access a lot of these points of intersection .
The second <unk> superpower is rapid learning .
When we <unk> ourselves into something , we go to it .
We look at everything that we can have in our hands .
We 're used to being beginners , because it was a lot of times in the past , and this means we 're less afraid of testing new things and coming out of our comfort zones .
A lot of skills are attached to other disciplines , and we bring all the things we 've learned to every new area that we pick up , so we rarely start from zero .
<unk> <unk> is a <unk> and independent writer .
As a child , she refined an incredible capacity to develop muscle memory .
Now , she 's the fastest <unk> <unk> .
Before I became a writer , <unk> was a financial planner .
He had to learn the finest sales mechanics when their practices began , and this ability helps to write compelling throws for publishers .
It 's rarely a loss of time to devote what you 're attracted to , even if the end drops .
It 's possible to apply that knowledge in a completely different field , in a way that you could n't have anticipated .
The third superpower superpower is adaptability -- I mean , the ability to transform anything that you need in a given situation .
Abe <unk> is sometimes director of videos , another , designer pages , sometimes advisory pages , sometimes a teacher , and sometimes , apparently , James Bond .
It 's valuable because it does a good job .
He 's even more valuable because it can take different roles , depending on the needs of your customers .
<unk> Company defines adaptability as the most important skill for development , to thrive in the 21st century .
The economic world changes so quickly and <unk> that are the individuals and organizations that can enable them to meet the market needs , which we actually thrive .
<unk> of ideas , rapid learning and adaptability : three skills where <unk> are very adept , and three skills that might be lost if they 're stressed out to reduce their goals .
As a society , we have a great interest in foster them , to encourage them to be themselves .
We have complex problems , multidimensional right now , and we need unconventional creative thinkers to deal with them .
Let 's say they are , in your heart , specialists .
They came out of the belly knowing that they wanted to be pediatric neurosurgeons .
Do n't worry , there 's nothing wrong in you .
In fact , some of the best teams come up with a specialist and a <unk> <unk> .
The specialist can dive deep and put ideas , and <unk> offers a breadth of knowledge to the project .
It 's a beautiful relationship .
But we should all design lives and careers that we 're going to do with how we 're connected .
And unfortunately , at least <unk> , you 're encouraged to just become more like their specialized partners .
Once I said this , if there 's one thing you take from this talk , I hope it 's going to be this : <unk> with the inner wiring , whatever it is .
If you 're a heart specialist , then you 're looking at all the media .
That 's where you will give the best of it .
But for the <unk> in the room , including those who you just realized being one of them in the last 12 minutes , I 'm going to tell you about being one of the passions .
Keep your curiosity for those <unk> of the rabbit .
Take intersections .
<unk> our inner wiring leads to a more authentic , happy life .
And perhaps most importantly , <unk> , the world needs us !
Thank you .
In the meantime , a woman named <unk> was taken by a psychiatric institution in <unk> .
<unk> <unk> , and I could n't remember even the most basic details of his life .
His doctor was called <unk> .
<unk> did n't know how to help <unk> , but she did n't go through it until , unfortunately , in 1906 .
After his death , <unk> did a autopsy and found strange plates and described in the brain of <unk> , of a guy who had never seen before .
The most surprising thing .
If we had been alive today , we could n't give her more help than he was going to have been in the most helpful than he was asked to do beforehand .
<unk> was Dr. <unk> Alzheimer 's .
And <unk> <unk> , the first patient to receive a diagnosis we now call Alzheimer 's disease .
Since 1901 , medicine has advanced a lot .
These have been discovered and vaccines to protect ourselves from infections , a lot of cancer treatments for cancer , antiretroviral HIV , to HIV and so much more .
But gradually this has been progress on Alzheimer 's treatment .
I 'm part of a team of scientists working to find a cure for Alzheimer 's disease for more than a decade .
So I think about this all the time .
Alzheimer 's now affects 40 million all over the world .
But by 2050 , it will affect 150 million that , by the way , to include many of you .
If you 're expecting living to the age of 85 or more , the chance of Alzheimer 's being Alzheimer 's being almost one of two .
In other words , there 's the likelihood that you spend your year dies with Alzheimer 's disease or helping to take care of a friend or want to have Alzheimer 's disease .
Already in America alone , Alzheimer 's disease costs 200 dollars every year .
One of five dollars of healthcare is spent on Alzheimer 's disease .
Today , it 's the most expensive disease , and the cost required a rising five times in 2050 , as the generation of the boomers are older .
You may be surprised , but Alzheimer 's is one of the greatest medical challenges of our generation and social .
But it 's done relatively little to fight it .
Today , one of the first 10 causes of death from all over the world , Alzheimer 's is the only one that you ca n't prevent or cure or even slow down .
We understand less about Alzheimer 's disease than other diseases because we 've invested less time and money in the research of the same .
The U.S. government spends 10 times more every year in cancer research that 's in spite of the fact that it costs us more Alzheimer 's disease and causes a living number of deaths like cancer .
The lack of resources is due to a more fundamental cause : the lack of consciousness .
Because this is what little people know , but everybody should be : Alzheimer 's disease , and we can cure it .
For the majority of the last 114 years , all of us , even the scientists , the <unk> Alzheimer 's with aging .
We think that it will be <unk> in a normal , inevitable part of aging .
But there 's only looking at a picture of a healthy aging brain compared to an Alzheimer 's patient to see the real physical damage caused by this disease .
In addition to trigger a severe memory loss and mental skills , damage to the brain caused by Alzheimer 's dramatically , significantly , life expectancy , and it 's always deadly .
Remember , Dr. Alzheimer 's found plates , and he rings up in the brain of <unk> a century ago .
For almost a century , we did n't know a lot about this .
Today we know that they 're made of proteins from proteins .
You can think of a molecule of protein like a piece of paper it folds up as an origami .
There are places on the paper that are <unk> .
And when it gets away , these legs are going to end up inside .
But sometimes things go wrong , and some side points are left outside .
This makes the protein molecules being <unk> each other , forming groups that can form large plates and throw away .
That 's what we see in the brain of patients with Alzheimer 's disease .
We 've spent the last 10 years at Cambridge University trying to understand how this dysfunction works .
There 's a lot of steps , and the identification of what happened is complex , like defuse a bomb .
Let 's run a wire wire to do anything .
<unk> others can make the bomb explode .
You have to find the right step , and then create a drug that does it .
Until recently , most of you have reduced the wires and expected the best .
But now there 's a diverse group of people , doctors , biologists , geneticists , chemists , engineers , engineers and mathematicians .
And together , we 've managed to identify a critical step in the process . Now we 're testing a new kind of drugs that blocking specifically this step to stop the disease .
So let me show you some of our last results .
Nobody outside our lab has seen it yet .
Let 's see a few videos of what happened when these drugs have happened in worms .
These are the healthy worms , and you can see it 's moving with normal .
These worms , on the other hand , have protein molecules that they hit each other , as humans with Alzheimer 's disease .
And you can see that they are clearly sick .
But by giving our new drugs to these worms at an early stage , then we see that heal and live a normal life .
This is just a positive initial result , but research like this shows that Alzheimer 's disease is a disease that we can understand and cure .
After 114 years of waiting , there 's real hope of what can be achieved in the next 10 or 20 years .
But so that you grow that hope , to overcome Alzheimer 's disease , we need help .
It 's not about scientists like me , it 's about you .
We need to know that Alzheimer 's disease is a disease , and if we tried , we can do it .
In the case of other diseases , the patients and their families have <unk> more research and crises , and pharmaceutical industry , industry and legislators .
That was essential to move forward to HIV by the late '80s .
We see that same unit to defeat cancer .
But Alzheimer 's patients often ca n't talk for themselves .
And their families , the hidden victims , caregivers of their loved ones and night , are often too far to get out and advocate for change .
So , it really depends on you .
Alzheimer 's not , in most cases a genetic disease .
Everybody with a brain runs the risk .
Today , there 's 40 million patients like <unk> , who can not create the change they need to themselves .
They 're talking about them talking to them , and help to demand a cure .
Thank you .
I published this article in the New York Times column in January of this year .
To fall with somebody , I do this .
The paper is about a psychological study , designed to create romantic love in the lab , and from my own experience to test myself myself a night last summer .
So the procedure is quite simple : Two strangers are going to be done to make 36 questions more and more personal , and then they both look at the eyes without talking about four minutes .
Here 's a couple questions here .
Number 12 : If you could wake up tomorrow with a quality or skill , what would be ?
Number 28 : When was the last time you get to someone else ?
And just ?
It 's <unk> , and these are increasingly personal .
Number 30 : -- I really like -- Tell your partner what you like it or her -- I know very honest this time , and I gave things that you did n't say to someone you 've just met .
When I came across this study a few years ago , a detail really struck me , the gossip that two of the participants had married six months later , invited all the lab to the ceremony .
So , I was a little bit skeptical about this process of making romantic love , but , from then , I was also intrigued .
And when I had the occasion to test this study , someone who I knew not particularly very well , he did n't expect to be cared for .
However , we fell in love with it , and I thought it was a good story , so I send it to the spinal Love of us a few months later .
That was published in January , and now it 's August , so I guess some of you would probably be wondering : Are they still together ?
And the reason I think you 're asking for this is because I 've done this question over and over over the last seven months .
And this question is just what I want to talk about today .
But let 's go back to the subject .
One week before the paper was published , it was very nervous .
I had been working on a romantic book in the last few years , so I had taught myself to write about my experience in romantic love on my blog .
But a blog entry can come into a few hundred views like a lot , and those were usually just my Facebook friends and imagined that my article in the New York Times would have probably a few thousand views .
And that had a good burden of attention in a relatively new relationship .
But it had no idea .
The paper was released online on a Friday night , and on Saturday , this happened in the traffic of my blog .
And Sunday Show I had already called the Show Today and Good <unk> America .
In a month , the paper got over eight million hits , and I was , for a little bit , prepared for this kind of attention .
One thing is to encourage trust writing with sincerity , but something else is to discover that <unk> life of one has been international news , and that people around the world are really interested in the state of your new relationship .
And when people call me or writing , what they did every day for weeks , always , they were doing the same question : still follow together ?
In fact , when I was preparing this talk , I made a quick search on the mailbox of my email with the phrase , `` Are they still together ? ''
And several messages came up immediately .
They were from students and journalists and strange welcoming strangers like this .
I was interviewed on the radio and they asked him .
Even , I gave a talk , and a woman shouted up to the stage , `` Hey , where 's your boyfriend ? ''
And I immediately got red .
I understand that this is part of the deal .
If you write about your relationship in an international journal , you should expect people to be comfortable asking about it .
But I was n't ready for the wingspan of the answer .
Now , the 36 questions seemed to be their own life .
In fact , the New York Times published a complementary paper for Valentine 's Day , who included the experiences of readers when I test the study in them with different degrees of success .
So , my first drive to all this attention was to be very reserved with my own relationship .
I said not to every request that we both make a public emergence together .
<unk> television interviews , and he refused to refused for photographs of us two .
I think I was afraid of becoming the <unk> icons of the process of <unk> , a range for which I did n't feel at all qualified .
And I understand that people did n't want to know if the study worked , they wanted to know if it really worked : whether it was , if it was able to produce <unk> love , not just an adventure , but real love , <unk> love .
But this was a question that I did n't feel able to answer .
My relationship was just a few months , and I felt , especially , that people made the wrong question .
How do you know if we would follow together or not , and then you get them ?
If the answer was , would it make the experience of making these 36 less interesting questions ?
Dr. Arthur Aron wrote first about these questions in this same study in 1997 , and there , the research goal was n't to produce romantic love .
Instead , I was looking for interpersonal stakeholders between college students , using what Aron called a sustained , progressive personal <unk> , progressive and reciprocal staff .
Sounds romantic , right ?
But the study worked .
<unk> felt close to doing that . Several studies later , they also used the <unk> protocol of Aron as a quick way of creating trust and interaction between strangers .
They 've used it among members of the police and the community , and they 've used it between people from opposing political ideologies .
The original version of the story , which I tasted the summer , that combines personal questions with four minutes of visual contact , was cited in this article , but unfortunately it was never published .
A few months ago , I was giving a talk at a little school of liberal arts , and then a student came up to me and said to me with scholars , and he said to me with scholars .
He seemed puzzled by it .
And I mean , you want to tell you the person you did that ?
Well he paused .
I think she just wants us to be friends .
And I was , but became better friends ?
Did you feel that they could get better better after testing the study ?
The nodded .
So , it worked , '' I said .
However , I do n't think that was the answer that he was looking for .
In fact , I do n't think it 's the answer that none of you are looking for when it comes to love .
I stumbled across the study for the first time when I was 29 , and it was going through a really difficult separation .
I had had that relationship since I had 20 , which was virtually my whole adult life , and he was my first real love , and he had no idea how or she could live without it .
So I turned to science .
And so I did everything that I could find about the science of romantic love , and I expected that that could <unk> the heart .
I do n't know if I realized this at the moment , I thought I just did research for the book that I wrote , but in retrospect , it seems really obvious .
I thought if I built up with the knowledge of romantic love , I would never have to feel as bad and used as I was then .
And all this knowledge has been useful in one way or another .
I 'm more patient with love . I 'm more relaxed .
I have more confidence in demanding what I 'm looking for .
But I can also see me more clearly , and I can realize that what I 'm looking for is sometimes more than reasonably I can demand me .
What I look for of love is a guarantee , not just being loved today and being loved tomorrow , but to keep being loved indefinitely by the person I love .
It may be the guarantee that people would ask when they wanted to know if we were still together .
The story that the media told us about 36 questions is that there may be a shortcut to fall in love .
There may be a way to somehow mitigate some of the risk of implicit risk , and this is a very appealing story , because in love we feel beautifully , but it 's also frightening .
But I think when it 's about love , we 're very willing to accept the short version of history .
The story of the story that asks : still follow together ?
And his content with an answer or not .
So more than a question , would propose that we make harder questions , questions like , how who decide who deserves your love and who is n't ?
How do you stay in love in love when things get tough ?
How do you live with uncertainty that inevitably leads to a relationship , or even more , how do you live with the doubt about your partner ?
I do n't know necessarily the answers to these questions , but I think they 're a good beginning to have a more reflective conversation about what it means to love someone .
So , if you want the brief version of my relationship to my relationship , this is a year ago , a year ago , a year ago , and we applied a study designed to create romantic love , fell in love , we still follow together , and I 'm very happy .
But fall in love with not the same thing to stay in love with .
<unk> is the easy part .
So at the end of my article , I wrote : Love did n't happen .
They fell in love in love because we took the choice to be .
And I wince reading it now , not because it 's not true , but because at the time , there was n't considered everything that choice was supposed to do .
I did n't know how many times we would have both to make that decision , and how much times I 'll have to keep doing that choice without knowing whether he 's always choice or not .
I want it to be enough done , and responded to 36 questions , having chosen to love someone as generous , kind and fun and expressed that choice in the largest newspaper in America .
But what I 've done , instead , is to turn my relationship into the kind of myth that I do n't really believe .
And what I 'm looking for , and what I might spend my life looking for is that this myth is true .
I want the happy ending to implicit in the title of my article , which is , by the way , the only part of the paper I did n't actually write .
But what I have instead is the opportunity to love someone , and hope that he also love to love , and it 's scary , but that 's the deal with love .
Thank you .
I was raised by some lesbian in broad mountain , and in a way I came up with a <unk> of the forest .
In New York City , a while ago , something that really affected me , but more details later .
I 'll start with when I was eight years old .
So I took a wooden box , and I 'll give you a dollar bill , a pen and a fork in it somewhere in Colorado .
And I thought , some weird humanoid or a few aliens would find this box about 500 years later , and let 's figure out how our species were giving ideas , for example , how we eat spaghetti .
I had no idea .
Anyway , he 's grace , because here I am , 30 years later , and I 'm still doing boxes .
At one point I was in Hawaii -- I like to go from a tour and surf and all these strange things -- and I was making a collage for my mother .
And I took a dictionary , and I took all the pages and I took all the pages and made a kind of <unk> <unk> to Agnes Martin , and I covered the resin and a bee was caught up .
Well , my mother 's afraid to bees and it 's <unk> to them , so I added more resin on the canvas , thinking he could <unk> .
Instead , the opposite happened : somehow it seemed that it grew up size , as if it was that we would play the text with a magnifying glass .
So I did ? I built more boxes .
This time , I started adding electronics , frogs , strange bottles that I was finding out the street , everything I could find , because I was looking for things all my life , trying to relate to them and tell stories about these objects .
So I started drawing around objects , and I realize my God can draw in space .
I can flow <unk> , and I can draw the same way around a dead body on the crime scene .
And I took the objects together and created my own specimens of specimens .
First , the botanical , the botanical who you can get an idea .
Then I made some insects and strange creatures .
It was very fun to draw in the resin layers .
And it was great , because I started building exhibitions and those things , and I was making some money , to bring my girlfriend to dinner , for example , go to <unk> .
It was great , man .
At some point I became interested in human form , <unk> <unk> <unk> sculptures of human beings within layers .
It was great , except for one thing : he died .
I did n't know what to do , because the resin was going to kill me .
And I was going to bed every night thinking about it .
So I tried to use glass .
I started drawing in the glass layers , similar to the drawing in a window , then in another window , and another window , and had all these windows together that formed a three-dimensional composition .
And this really worked , and so I could stop using the resin .
So I did this for years , and my piece of work with something very big , which I call `` triptych . ''
For the `` triptych , '' he inspired me as much as `` The <unk> garden , '' which is a painting at the Museum of the <unk> in Spain .
You know it ?
Well , it 's a fantastic picture .
They say it 's a little ahead of his time .
Well , the `` triptych . '' This piece of mine .
It weighs 11,000 pounds .
5.5 feet long .
It has two faces , so it 's 10 meters of composition .
It 's a little bit weird .
Well , that 's the source of blood .
On the left , it 's Jesus and fish .
There 's a cave where all these creatures with animal heads travel between two worlds .
They go from the world of representation , to this mock analog mesh where they hide .
Here it is where creatures with animal heads are headed by <unk> , lists for suicide in mass <unk> in the ocean .
The ocean is comprised of thousands of elements .
This is a bird god tied to a <unk> .
Billy Graham is in the sea ; the Horizon , the <unk> platform of the <unk> Mountains ; the shelter of Osama Bin Laden , there are all kinds of strange things that you can find if you look very well in the ocean .
Anyway , also a kind of <unk> .
It 's coming out of the ocean , and spits out oil in a hand while the other hand goes out there .
Their hands are like <unk> , and it seems a mythological path that keeps the Earth and the cosmos in equilibrium .
So this is a aspect of the `` triptych . ''
It 's a little narrative .
That 's the hand that he spits out .
And then , when you go on the other side , you have a proboscis , like a bird peak , and spit down clouds of this nose .
It also has a <unk> tail of a snake tail that joins the `` triptych . ''
Anyway , his tail turns into fire to <unk> on a volcano .
I do n't know why that happened .
Things that go , you know .
His tail ends up in an eye balloon made from 1986 in 1986 .
Did you see them ?
They did in the 1980s , as if they were baseball cards .
It leads to my time . This brings me to my last project .
I 'm in the middle of two projects : One called `` <unk> . ''
This is a six-year-old project to make 100 of these human beings .
Each one is a file of our culture , through media and material whether it 's encyclopedias , dictionaries or magazines .
But each one acts as a kind of an archive in a way of being human , and travel in groups of 20 , four or 12 at the same time .
They 're like cells , they get together , divide .
And you can walk between them . I 'm taking years .
Each one is basically a microscope <unk> that weighs <unk> pounds with a human being in its interior .
This has a little cave in the chest .
That 's the head ; it 's the chest , you can put the entrance .
I 'm going to meet you for the rest of the body : there 's a waterfall coming out of your chest , and you cover the penis or <unk> , or whatever you have , a kind of <unk> thing .
It 's a quick refresher on these works because I ca n't afford it for a long time .
We have layers , you can see .
This is a <unk> body .
This has two heads , and you 're communicating between the two .
There are some pills coming out and they go into the head of this strange statue .
There 's a little forest scene inside the chest cavity .
Can you see it ?
Anyway , this talk is about these boxes , just like the boxes we live in .
We 're in a box , the solar system is a box .
This brings me to my last box .
It 's a brick box . It 's called Pioneer <unk> .
Within this box there is a physicist , a neuroscientist , a painter , a writer , a writer , a radio station , a museum , a school , a publishing arm that <unk> all the content that we do in the world , and a garden .
We 've got the box and all the people inside shock with each other as particles .
And I think that 's the way we change the world .
When you redefines who is and the box in which it 's living in .
And together we got to realize that we 're all together in this , that this illusion that we are different , these concepts of countries , of borders , of religion , does n't work .
We 're all very made out of the same stuff and in the same box .
And if we do n't start to swap those things with sweetness and graciously , we 're all going to die very soon .
Thank you very much .
What do you do when it hurts your head ?
They take an aspirin .
But so that this pill has an effect on pain , first goes through the stomach , the bowels and other organs .
So I 'm going to take a pill is the most effective and <unk> system so that any drug impacts on the body .
The downside , though , is that you <unk> any medication is broken .
And this is a big problem , especially in patients with HIV .
When they take antiretroviral drugs , these are <unk> to decrease the amount of viruses in the blood , and you will increase the cells from <unk> cells .
But they 're also known for their adverse side effects , mostly negative , because in the time that take you to get to the blood stream , it will be infected , and worse even for the time that take it to their destination , which is where it 's more important : in the HIV warehouse .
These are regions of the body like the lymph nodes , the nervous system , the lungs , where the virus is sitting there and it does n't get easily in the bloodstream of the patients that are <unk> to regulate drugs with antiretroviral drugs .
However , after the disruption of the treatment , the virus can wake up and infect new blood cells .
This is the big deal of HIV treatment with the current drugs that is a life treatment for life run by shipping .
One day , I sat down , and I thought , `` Could we make the treatment directly to the virus or the risk of dilution of drugs ? ''
As a scientist in lasers , the answer was in front of me : the lasers , of course .
If you 're used in dentistry , for caring for wounds and diabetes surgery and diabetes surgery , they can be used for anything else we can imagine , including the <unk> of drugs .
In fact , we 're now using pulses of laser to open up or drill extremely small holes , which open and close almost immediately the cells living with HIV to introduce drugs .
The best people ask , `` How is that possible ? ''
We sent a small , powerful beam on the cellular membrane on HIV while these cells are embedded in a liquid that contains the drug .
The laser cuts through the cell , whereas the cell absorbs the drug in a matter of microseconds .
Before you even realize , the hole is actually <unk> immediately .
Today we 're testing this in vitro technology or in Petri plates , but the goal is to bring this technology into the human body , apply it to the human body .
`` How is that possible ? '' You can ask .
Well , the answer is , through a <unk> device .
With the first head , which is our laser , we 'll make an incision in the site of infection .
The second head , which is a camera , is headed to the infection .
Finally , the third head , a <unk> that distributes the drug , releases it directly in the site of infection , while the laser uses again to keep the cells open .
Well , this does n't seem a lot of time .
But one day , if you succeed , this technology can lead to total eradication of HIV .
Yeah . A cure for HIV .
This is the dream of all of the HIV researcher -- in our case , a laser treatment .
Thank you .
In the last decade , I 've been studying groups of non-state groups : armed organizations like terrorists , insurgents or militia .
So what these groups do when they 're not shooting at them .
My goal is to understand better to these generators of violence and study ways of encouraging the transition from violent participation to nonviolent confrontation .
I do field work , in the world of politics and library .
Understanding these groups is key to solving almost every conflict in progress , because the war has changed .
It used to be a dispute between states .
No .
Now it 's a conflict between states and non-state actors .
For example , the <unk> arrangements of peace agreements between 1975 , and 2011 , we signed up between a state and a non-governmental actor .
So we have to understand these groups ; we can even engage or engage in any process of successful conflict resolution .
But how do we do that ?
We have to know what motivates these organizations .
We know very well the reasons they fight , how they do it , but nobody looks at what they do when they do n't fight .
The armed struggle and the policies are not armed .
It 's all part of the same organization .
We ca n't understand these groups , not much less <unk> , without a global view .
These are complex organizations today .
For example , the Lebanese <unk> , known for his violent encounter in Israel .
From its creation in the 1980s , <unk> has also established a political party , a network of social services and a military device .
Similarly , the Palestinian Hamas , known for his suicide suicide attacks , also runs the Gaza Strip since 2007 .
So these groups do more than just shooting .
They 're multitasking .
We would build a complex tool of communication : radio stations , television channels , Internet websites and strategies in social networks .
And here you have the ISIS and printed magazine in English and published to recruit .
armed groups are also investing in a complex fundraising fundraising , but through profitable business , for example , building companies .
These activities are key .
They allow these groups to increase their strength , increase their funds , to recruit better and build their brand .
<unk> groups do something more : they create stronger ties with their population by investing in social services .
They build schools , running hospitals , they put in a professional <unk> programs .
<unk> offers all these services and more .
<unk> groups are also trying to conquer the population by offering something that the state does n't provide : security and protection .
The ascent of the Taliban in a Afghanistan selected for war or even the beginning of ISIS , can be understood by exploring the efforts of these groups by providing security .
Unfortunately , in these cases , security has an elevated price for the population .
But , in general , providing social services means filling a gap , a <unk> gap by the government , and allows these groups to strengthen and increase their power .
For example , the electoral victory of 2006 from Palestinian Hamas can not be understood without recognizing the social labor of the group .
It 's a really complex scenario , even in the West , when we look at armed groups , we just think about the violent side .
But that 's not enough to understand the strengths of these groups , the strategy or the long term .
These groups are hybrids .
They grow because they fill gaps left by government , and they emerge as armed and political groups , participate in violent struggle and give governance .
And the more complex and sophisticated things are these organizations , less we can afford as something opposite to a state .
How will I call a group like <unk> ?
They add part of a territory , running all their functions , collect the garbage , running the sewer system .
Is it a state ? Is it a rebel group ?
Or maybe it 's something new , something new and different .
And what 's ISIS ?
The lines are <unk> .
We live in a world of states , with no state and hybrids and hybrids , and the weaker are the states , like the Middle East , the more step in and fill that gap the non-governmental actors .
This is important for governments , because to counter these groups will have to invest more in the military tools .
They prescribe that gap of government has to be at the center of any sustainable approach .
This is very important to establish , and we put peace together .
If we better understand armed groups , we will better understand what incentives offer to foster the transition from violence to non-violence .
In this new dispute between states and non-state actors , military power can win some battles , but we will not be peace .
To achieve these goals , we need for long-term investments to fill that gap of security , to fill that gap of government that allowed these groups to thrive in a principle .
Thank you .
I 'm a failure as a woman , and as a feminist .
My opinions about gender equality are <unk> , but I 'm afraid they will accept the `` feminist '' tag would be unfair for feminist .
I 'm a feminist , but pretty bad .
And therefore , I 'd become a bad feminist .
Or , at least , I wrote an article , and a book called `` The <unk> <unk> , '' and then in the interviews , people started to call me the <unk> <unk> .
So , what started as a personal joke meant to myself and a deliberate provocation , has become something bigger .
Let me take a step back .
When I was a young man , especially in my youth and the 20 years , I had weird ideas about feminist , these women <unk> , anger with the men and hated sex , as if that was a bad thing .
Today , I see how women are treated around the world and anger , in particular , seems a perfectly reasonable answer .
But at the time , I was worried about the tone that I was using at the outset who could be a feminist .
Being labeled as a feminist was an accusation , a taboo and unpleasant word .
I was <unk> as a woman who does n't follow the rules , which is about high self-esteem and dare to believe that it 's equal or superior to a man .
Nobody wants to be that rebel woman , until he realizes that it 's actually that woman , and you ca n't imagine being another person .
Over time , as I was growing up , I started accepting that I am , in fact , feminist , and also , proud to be .
For me , certain claims are <unk> : women are equal to men .
They hold the same wages for the same job .
We have right to travel around the world as <unk> , free from bullying or violence .
We have a right to use it and use the contraceptives and the contraceptives and the reproductive services .
We have the right to decide about our bodies , no need for legislative controls or doctrines .
We have the right to respect .
There 's more .
When you talk about the needs of women , you have to have to account our other identities .
We 're not just women .
We are people with a different body , expression of gender , religion and sexuality , social condition , skills and much more .
We have to have to account these differences and how they affect us , the same way that matters what we have in common .
Without this kind of inclusion , our feminism is nothing .
For me , these truths are evident , but to be clear : I 'm a mess .
I 'm full of contradictions .
There 's a lot of things that make a bad feminist .
I have another confession .
When I lead to work , listen to rap music , you can hear rap music .
Although the letter degrades women , and it offends me deeply , the classic `` Salt <unk> '' of the yin Yang is amazing .
`` Get your wet shirt out .
<unk> , give it to you , until you blow the shell ! ''
Think about it .
<unk> poetry , right ?
I 'm completely mortified for my musical taste .
I do firmly believe in the work of man , which is all I do n't want to do , including -- all the home tasks , but also killing insects , <unk> , <unk> and maintenance .
I do n't want to have anything to do with that .
The pink is my favorite color .
I love the fashion magazines and the nice things .
I can see `` The <unk> '' and the romantic comedies , and I have to have absurd fantasies of the fairy tales that they make .
Some of my crimes are more <unk> .
If a woman wants to adopt the name of her husband , it 's his choice , and I 'm not who to judge .
If a woman decides to stay home to raise your kids , I accept that choice , too .
The problem is not that it becomes economically vulnerable through this same choice , the problem is that our society is <unk> so that women are economically vulnerable when they choose .
You fix this problem .
It 's <unk> the conventional feminism that has ignored or <unk> , the needs of the color women , the workers , gay and transgender , for white , heterosexuals and middle class .
Listen , if that 's good feminism is a really bad feminist .
It 's also happening the following : As a feminist , I feel a lot of pressure .
We have this trend of putting songs on a pedestal .
We hope that <unk> perfection .
When we stand up , we take a lot of taste from the same pedestal , where we put them .
As I said , I 'm a disaster -- I 've already caught myself from that pedestal before I just try to put myself there .
And so many women , particularly the innovative ones and the leaders of the sector , are afraid to be tagged as feminist as feminist .
They 're afraid to stand up and say , `` Yes , I 'm a feminist , '' for fear of what that tag means , for fear not to be able to fulfill the unrealistic expectations .
Take a look at <unk> , or like I call it , the Goddess .
In the last few years , it 's a <unk> feminist .
In <unk> Music <unk> in 2014 , on MTV , was in front of the word `` feminist '' <unk> .
It was a wonderful show , looking at this star from pop and openly by thinking about women and young men who will be a feminist , is something to be proud of .
<unk> the time , the cultural critics started endless arguments if we were , or not just feminist critics .
It was looking at feminism , instead of just believing the word of an adult and grown woman .
<unk> perfection in feminist , because we 're still struggling for a lot , we want a lot , we want a lot , we need so freaking out .
We 're going much beyond the sane and constructive criticism , to find out the feminism of any woman , tear up until nothing left .
We do n't need to do that .
Good feminism , or rather , a more inclusive feminism is the point of departure .
But what happens next ?
We need to recognize our imperfections to give the bills , to go to action and be a little bit more brave .
If I hear music music , I 'm creating a demand for artists that would be more than happy providing an unlimited supply .
These artists will not change their way of talking about women in their songs until we switched to change that change effectively affecting their profits .
It 's certainly hard .
Why does his music have to be so <unk> ?
It 's hard to choose something better and easy to justify a worse choice .
But when the bad decisions will justify this makes it more difficult for women to achieve equality , the equality we all deserve and is our responsibility .
I believe in my nieces , three and four years .
It 's two wonderful girls , and they 're determined and brilliant , and also very brave .
where strong creatures are being appreciated by strong creatures .
I think of them , all of a sudden , the best option is within it as a much easier thing to do .
We can all make better decisions .
We can change the channel when a television show is treating sexual violence against women , like sports , <unk> the Game of <unk> .
We can change the radio station when we hear songs that treat women like nothing .
We can spend our money in order to go to film in another part when movies do n't treat women as well as decorative objects .
We can stop supporting professional sports sports where athletes treat their partners as boxing .
In any case , men , especially white men , heterosexual men , can say , `` No , I 'm not going to publish in your magazine , to participate in your project , or work with you , until it does n't have a number of enough women , so much to participate in how to make decisions .
I 'm not going to work with you until their publication , or their organization is more inclusive with a wider range of people . ''
Those of us who are <unk> but invited to participate in these kinds of projects , we can also invite ourselves to even more as we are welcome to overcome the barriers to the decision-making jobs .
Because we 're not <unk> <unk> . Without these efforts , without embracing these positions , our achievements are going to mean very little .
We can make these little acts of courage and hope that our decisions will get to the top , people in the power of cinema and film producers and music , CEOs , the legislators who can make big decisions , more courageous , to create a lasting , meaningful change .
We can also tell the courage of our feminism , good , bad , or whatever .
The last line of my book `` Bad <unk> , '' says , `` Would you rather be a bad feminist not to be . ''
This is true because of many reasons , but I say it , especially , because old my voice was stolen , and Feminism was stolen to me .
There was an incident .
I call it an incident to address what happened .
A few kids would tell me when I was so young , and I did n't know that guys can do this to a girl .
They treated me as anything .
I started to believe that it was nothing .
I put my voice , and after everybody did n't dare to believe that I could say something that might matter .
But I was writing .
And I went back to <unk> .
I became a stronger version of myself .
I read the words of those women who could understand a story like mine , and the women who looked like me and they understood what meant to live in this world if you have the brown skin .
I read the words of women who showed me it was n't anything .
I learned how to write like them , and then I learned how to write like myself .
I found my voice again , and I started to believe that my voice is powerful beyond what you can measure .
Through the script , I also discovered that if I was a little brave , another woman might hear me and see me and realizing that none of us is the world about telling us we are .
In a hand , I have the power to achieve anything .
And in the other , I hold the humiliating reality that I 'm just a woman .
I 'm a bad feminist , I 'm a good woman , I 'm trying to improve my way of thinking , what I say , and what I do , without abandoning everything that makes me human .
I hope we can all do the same thing .
I hope we can all be a little courageous , when you get a bit more of such a courage .
Just after Christmas last year , <unk> children in California had measles , had measles , or to be exposed to someone who had been there .
The virus then went through the border with Canada , infecting more than 100 children in <unk> .
One of the tragic things about this outbreak is that the measles that can be fatal to a child with a immune immune system , is one of the most easily preventable diseases in the world .
There 's an effective vaccine against this more than half a century ago , but a lot of the kids involved in the Disneyland outbreak were n't vaccinated , because their parents were afraid of something allegedly worse : autism .
But a moment , it was n't the article that unleashed the argument about autism and the <unk> vaccines , disqualified and marked by being a deliberate fraud by the British Medical fraud ?
Now , do n't believe the majority of smart scientists that vaccines cause autism is <unk> ?
I think most of you know it , but millions of parents around the world are still to fearing that vaccines will put in danger to their children to have autism .
Why ?
Here 's why .
This is a graph of the increase of autism in time .
For most of the 20th century , autism was considered a very rare disease .
The few psychologists and pediatricians who had heard about her , they create all his professional life without seeing a single case .
For decades , the prevalence estimates were stable as only three or four children per 10,000 children .
But then , in the 1990s , the numbers started <unk> .
NGOs , like <unk> <unk> , are just about routinely autism as an epidemic , as if I could catch another child at Disneyland .
What 's going on ?
If you 're not vaccines , what is it ?
If you ask the people from the Center for Disease Control from Atlanta , what 's going on , they tend to be based on phrases like `` diagnostic criteria '' and `` <unk> of diagnostic cases '' to explain these growing numbers .
But that kind of language does n't digest much the fears of a young mother who seeks the face of his two-year-old son , visual contact .
If the diagnostic criteria had a scale , why were they so close to the beginning ?
Why were these cases of autism so difficult to find before the 1990s ?
Five years ago , I decided to figure out the answers to these questions .
I learned that what happened has less to do with slow progress and cautious about science than the seductive power of storytelling .
For most of the 20th century , doctors told a story about what autism is , and how it was discovered , but that story turned out to be fake , and the consequences of the same are having a devastating impact on global health health .
There was a second more accurate story of autism than had been lost and forgotten in the dark corners of the clinical literature .
This second story tells us everything about how we get here and where we have to go .
The first story starts with a child psychiatrist , Leo <unk> at Johns Hopkins Hospital . In 1943 , <unk> published an article that describes 11 young patients who looked like private worlds , <unk> people around them , even their own parents .
They could have fun for hours waving the hands of their faces , but they were prey to panic as when they did n't put his favorite toy in their favorite place , without knowing them .
On the basis of the patients treated in their clinic , <unk> <unk> that autism is very rare .
By the 1950s , as the main authority of the world in the subject , I declared that I 'd seen less than 150 real cases of their syndrome as you pick up references in such far-flung places as South Africa .
This is actually not surprising , because the criteria of <unk> for diagnosing autism was very <unk> .
For example , let 's give that diagnosis to kids with seizures , but now we know that epilepsy is very common in autism .
Once he was realized that he had turned nine in every 10 kids , sent by other doctors to her office to become autistic without giving them a diagnosis of autism .
<unk> was a smart man , but part of his theories was n't <unk> .
<unk> autism as a form of child psychosis caused by cold , <unk> parents .
These kids , he said , have been carefully kept on a refrigerator that did n't stop .
At the same time , though , <unk> noticed that some of their young patients had special skills that they put in certain areas like music , mathematics and memory .
One of the kids in their clinic might be able to distinguish between 18 symphonies before I turned two .
When her mother put one of his favorite records , he correctly said , `` Beethoven . ''
But I had a bad opinion of these skills , stating things like the kids were just regurgitating out what they had heard their parents <unk> , desperate to win their approval .
As a result , autism became a source of shame for families , and two generations of autistic children were sent to institutions for their own good , becoming invisible to the world in general .
Surprisingly , it was n't until the 1970s , that researchers started to test the <unk> theory that autism was weird .
<unk> <unk> , a cognitive psychologist in London , thought that the theory of mothers ' mothers was pretty stupid .
She and her husband was warm and <unk> , and they had a deep autistic daughter called Susie .
<unk> and John knew how hard to raise a child as Susie , without any special education , without having access to other resources without a diagnosis .
To defend the National Health Service , they needed more resources for autistic kids and their families , <unk> and his colleague Judith Gould , who decided to do something that should be 30 years before .
They did a prevalence of autism prevalence in the general population .
<unk> a suburb from London called <unk> to try to find the autistic kids in the community .
What you saw was that the <unk> model was too limited , because the reality of autism was much more colorful and diverse .
Some kids could n't speak at all , whereas others were embedded in their fascination with astrophysics in dinosaurs or the genealogy of <unk> .
Otherwise these kids did n't fit in beautiful paintings and <unk> , as Judith said , and saw a lot of them , much more than the monolithic model of <unk> would have predicted .
At the beginning , they were lost for trying to make sense of their data .
How did nobody realized these kids before ?
But then <unk> found a reference to an article published in German German in 1944 , the year after <unk> , and then he forgot , buried under the ashes of a terrible time that nobody wanted to remember .
I knew about this article of competition , but I avoided the mentioning in their own work .
There was n't even an English translation , but luckily , the husband 's husband was German , and he translated it for her .
The document is an alternative story of autism .
His author was a man named Hans Asperger 's , who was leading an integrated clinic with a school in Vienna in the 1930s .
The Asperger 's ideas for teaching children with learning differences were actually <unk> even for contemporary standards .
The morning in their clinic started with music exercises , and the kids followed their games on Sunday afternoon .
Instead of blaming the parents of causing autism , he described as a <unk> disability of life that required forms of support and tuned spaces over the course of all life .
Instead of treating kids in their clinic as patients , he called them his little teachers , and he started to help in the development of education methods that were especially suitable for them .
And fundamentally , Asperger 's seen the autism as a diverse continuum that included an amazing variety of gifts and disability .
He believed that autism and autistic traits were common , and they 've always been , watching aspects of this continuum in archetypal events as the awkward social scientist and the awkward teacher .
He was beyond even to say , that for success in science and art , an ounce of autism is essential .
<unk> and Judith found that I was wrong in the wrong way that autism was <unk> , as well as the parents were <unk> .
Over the next few years , they worked in silence with the American Mortgage Bankers Association that reflect the diversity of what they called `` autistic spectrum . ''
In the late '80s , the early '90s , their changes came into place , replacing the limited model of <unk> by a broad , inclusive model .
These changes did n't fall into broken bag .
Now , when I came up and Judith worked on the wings to reform these criteria , people around the world saw an autistic adult for the first time .
Before I went out `` Rain Man '' in 1988 , just a small circle , <unk> by experts knew what autism was , but after the unforgettable acting recognition for `` Rain Man '' with four <unk> , pediatricians , psychologists , teachers and parents around the world knew what autism was .
At the same time , when the first clinical trials are introduced to use to diagnose autism .
It no longer should have a connection with that little circle of experts to make a diagnosis for his son .
The combination of `` Rain Man '' the changes in the criteria and the introduction of these tests created a network effect , a perfect storm of the consciousness of autism .
The number of diagnoses began to rise up , just like predicted by him and Judith , in fact they hoped that it was , getting people with autism and their families finally support their support and services that they were deserved .
So Andrew <unk> came to blame vaccines for the rise in diagnoses , simple , powerful , and seductive history as bad as the <unk> theory that autism was to be <unk> .
If the current estimate of the heart of prevention that one of every 68 children in America are in the spectrum , the autistic people are one of the largest minority groups in the world .
In the last few years , autistic people have come together on the Internet to reject the idea that they are puzzles to solve the new medical advances , <unk> the term `` <unk> '' to celebrate the varieties of human cognition .
One way to understand <unk> is to think about terms of human operating systems .
The fact that a PC does n't work with Windows , it does n't mean it 's broken .
According to autistic standards , the normal human brain is easily <unk> , sharing social systems , and it suffers from a <unk> deficit deficit .
Indeed , autistic people have difficulty living in a world not built for them .
70 years later , we 're still reaching Asperger 's , which believed that the cure for the most autism aspects of all autism are in understanding of the teachers , employers of support , support communities , and parents with faith in their children 's potential .
An autistic woman called <unk> <unk> once said , `` We need all the hands on deck to <unk> the ship of humanity . ''
As we browse to an uncertain future , we need all the forms of human intelligence on the planet to address the challenges we face as a society .
We can not afford to waste a brain .
Thank you .
