You know what I do is write for children, and in fact, I'm probably the author for children, more read in the United States.
And I always tell people I don't want to look like a scientist.
I can dress it as a farmer, or with leather clothes, and no one has chosen an farmer.
I'm here today to talk to you about circles and epidemics.
And you know that an epidemic is generally something that fell somewhere.
You just have to turn the apple to see it as an epiphany.
That's the painting of a circle.
A friend of mine did that -- Richard Bullin.
It's the complicated kind of circle that I'm going to talk about.
My circle started in the '60s in the middle school, in Stockport, Ohio where I was the rare of the class.
When they were beaten up every week in the children' bathroom, until a teacher saved me life.
She saved my life when he allowed to go into the teacher's room.
I did it in secret.
For three years.
And I had to get out of the city.
I had a thumb, and 85 dollars, and I ended up in San Francisco, California -- I found a lover -- and in the 1980s, I felt the need to start working in organizations that fought AIDS.
About three or four years ago, in the middle of the night I got a phone call from that teacher, Mr. Point who said,``I need to see.
I'm disillusioned that we have never met us.
You could get to Ohio, and please bring that guy that I know you've found.
And I have to tell you that I have pancreatic cancer, and I'd like you to stand up with this please . ''
Well, the next day we were in Cleveland.
We went to see it, we laugh, we cried, and we realized that she needed to be hospital.
We found it a place, we tried it, and we take care of it, and we loved her family, because it was necessary.
It's something we knew how to do.
And as the woman I wanted to know as an adult came to know, it became a shoe box and it was put in my hands.
And what happened was that the circle had closed, it had become a circle -- and that epiphany that I told you about was in itself.
The epidemic is that death is part of life.
She saved my life, my partner and I saved her.
And you know that that part of life needs everything that the rest of life.
It needs truth and beauty, and I'm very happy to talk about this today.
It also needs -- it needs dignity, love and pleasure, and it's our job to provide those things.
Thank you.
As an artist, the connection is very important to me.
Through my work, I'm trying to express that humans are not separated from nature and that everything is interconnected.
I was for the first time to Antarctica about 10 years ago, and there I saw my first employees.
I was amazed.
My heart fast, I was busy, trying to understand what was in front of me.
So, the plants around me surface the water almost 60 meters, and I couldn't even think that it was a snowball on another snow of snow year after year.
The seals are born when they get away from glaciers or break ice bars.
Each iceberg has its own individual personality.
They have a different way to interact with their environment and their experiences.
Some of them are refuse to regenerate, and they stand up to the end, whereas others can't support it more and they spill into a dramatic passion.
It's easy to think, when you see a iceberg, that you are isolated and alone, largely as we see us sometimes as humans.
But reality is all the opposite.
As a iceberg melts, I'm breathing its ancestral atmosphere.
As a iceberg melts, it releases rich freshwater in minerals that feeds many forms of life.
I approach to photograph these companies as if it's about the portraits of my ancestors, knowing that in these unique moments, they exist in that way and won't exist in that way again.
It's not death when they're melting; it's not an end, but a continuation of their way through the cycle of life.
Part of the ice of the eardrum that photography is very young -- has a couple thousand years old.
And another part of the ice has over 100,000 years.
The last pictures I'd like to show you are from a iceberg that photographed in Ketton, Greenland.
It's just a little bit frequent to actually get a storyteller.
Here you have.
You can see the left a little boat.
It's about five feet.
And I'd like you to pay attention to the shape of the iceberg and your flow line.
You can see here, it starts to roll, the boat has moved into the other side and the man is standing there.
This is a company of Greenland, of average size.
Over the water about 120 feet or 40 feet.
This video is in real time.
And so no, the iceberg shows a different side of its personality.
Thank you.
I want you to imagine two partners in 1979, the same day, exactly at the same time, each one of you consider a baby . OK.
So, two couples each with a baby.
I don't want you to stop too much in the details of conception, because if you stop thinking about conception itself, you're not going to pay attention.
Let's think about it for a moment.
And on this stage I want you to imagine that, in a case, the chromosome and the sperm goes together to the X chromosome of the egg.
And in the other case, the chromosome X chromosome joined to chromosome X.
Both of them start and start life.
Let's go back to talk about them later.
In my field, I tend to get two roles.
In one of my roles, I work with the story of anatomy.
I'm a history of training, and what I study in this case is the way people acquire anatomy -- I mean, human bodies and animals, how they've considered body fluids, the idea of the body -- what they've thought about the body.
The other role I perceive in my work is an activist, as patients advocate, or, as I say sometimes, impact of people who are medical patients.
In this case, I've worked with people whose physical features defy social norms.
I've been working, for example, with season twins, two people inside one body.
I've worked with people with engineering -- a lot lower than the average.
And I've worked with a lot of cases of anti-distinct sex, individuals whose physical technology doesn't fit in the conventional male and female schools.
In general lines, we can call it intellectual.
Interest adopted many forms.
I'm going to put some examples in ways of having a sex that doesn't focus on male or female forms.
For example, there's the case of the individual which is with a chemical basis, whose CD gene of chromosome and tells the prototypes, that we all have in the federal life, that they become testicles.
And then, in the federal life, testicles produce testosterone.
But given that this individual lack of testosterone receptors, the body doesn't react to the same.
It's the syndrome of curiosity to antibodies.
So, there are high levels of testosterone, but without reaction.
As a consequence, the body develops following a typical female course.
When it's born, the baby has a little girl.
It's a girl . It's raised as a child.
And often, it's not until puberty, when it's growing and developing the breast, but it doesn't have the menstrual period, when someone realizes that something is happening.
After doing it tests, you realize that instead of having ovaries and uterus, it actually has testicles and a chromosome and.
The important thing to understand is that you can think that it's a man, but it's actually not like that.
Women, like men, have in the body something called surprising glands.
They're on the bottom of the body.
Suger glands produce antibodies, the male hormone.
Most women like me -- I think of a typical woman, and it doesn't know its critical structure, and I believe being a typical woman most women like me are sensitive to antibodies.
We produce antibodies and respond to antibodies.
As a consequence, someone like me has the brain most exposed to the hosts that the woman who was born with testicles that has the individual sensitivity syndrome.
So sex is something complicated . It's not that the intellectuals are in the middle of the spectrum -- in a way they can be everywhere.
Another example: a few years ago, I got a call from a 19-year-old boy, born and raised as you're going to go; I had girlfriend, and sexual relationships with her, he had a life like a kid and I just discovered that he had ovaries and uterus.
It had an extreme form of a disease known as a sunfish hypothesis.
He had 20th chromosomes, and in the uterus, surface glands were so active that, essentially, they created a male hormone environment.
As a consequence, their genitals were mapped, their brain was exposed to the typical male component.
He was born with a child . No one suspicious.
And it was at the age of 19 when he started having medical problems caused by the internal menstrual, when doctors discovered that, in fact, it was a woman inside.
Well, another quick example of a case of interactivity.
Some people with 20th chromosomes develop what's known as orphans, that is, they have an ordinary tissue wrapped into testicular tissue.
We don't know well why that happens.
So, there are lots of sex varieties.
The reason that children with these kinds of bodies -- whether they're bonds, serious twins, or intelligence are being used to normal surgery is not to be able to get a better physical health.
In many cases, people are perfectly healthy.
The reason you get to various surgeries is that they are a threat for our social categories.
The system is based normally on the idea that a particular anatomy brings a particular identity.
We have the idea that being a woman is to have female identity; presumably, being black means having African anatomy in historical terms.
A terrible idea.
And when you present a body that shows something quite different, we have problems with category.
So we have very romantic ideas in our culture respect to individuality.
Our nation is based on a concept of very romantic individuals.
Imagine how amazing it is to have children who are born like two people inside a body.
The world's highest case is last year with the South African corridor, and he put her sex in the International Games of Berlin.
A lot of journalists called to ask me,``What are you going to do to determine whether Casey Seva is man or woman? ''
And I had to explain to the journalists that there are no such test.
In fact, now we know that sex is so complicated that we have to admit that nature does not bring a standard line between men and women or men and intellectuals and women and intellectuals; we're all of us who we bring that line.
So, what we have is a situation in which the more science that we have, the more we have to admit that these categories -- that we thought were stable anatomical categories that will correspond directly with stable identical categories -- are much more diffuse than we thought.
And not just in terms of sex.
Also in terms of race, something that happens much more complicated than the terminology allows.
As we see, we get in a wonderful terrain.
Let's look, for example, the fact that we share at least 95 percent of DNA with chimpanzees.
What would we take from the fact that we're going to have a few nucleotides?
And as we make progress in science, we get more and more in an awkward area that we have to recognize that the simplistic categories that we're working on are probably too simplistic.
And we're looking at this in all the fields of human life.
One of them, for example, in our current culture, in the United States today, are the struggles at the beginning and the end of life.
It's hard to take a moment from which a body becomes human and has different rights than the ones of the fetus.
There are very heated arguments today, not in public, but within medicine, which is about when someone is considered dead.
Our ancestors never had to come back with this question of whether someone was dead.
As you put a pen in front of your nose, and if you moved it still, you didn't get it yet.
If I stopped moving.
But today we can, for example, extract vital organs of a body and put them in another body.
And, as a consequence, we need to face the dilemma to really determine someone's death, and this puts us in a difficult situation where we don't have the simple categories of the past.
And you might think that this explosion of categories could smell someone like me.
In politics, I'm progressive, by defining people with unusual bodies, but I have to admit that it makes me nervous.
To build that these categories are much more unstable than we thought to me.
Think of the concept of democracy.
And to tell you about this very first tension, I have to admit that I'm an admire fervent of the parents.
I know they were racist, I know they were sexist, but they were big.
I mean, they were so brave and bold and so radical in what they did, that I found each so much looking at that music``1977 ,"and not for music, which is completely possible.
That's why it happened in 1977 with the founding parents.
The founding parents were, for me, the first activists of anatomy and explained why.
What they rejected was an anatomical concept, and they replaced it with another that was radical and beautiful and stayed for 200 years.
And as they all remember, what our Fortune parents rejected was the idea of monarchy . The monarchy was based on a very simplistic concept of anatomy.
The old world monarchs didn't know DNA, but they had clear the idea of birth right.
They had the blue blood concept.
They were from the idea that it came to political power on the right of blood transmitted from grandfather to father and then to the son, etc.
The founding parents rejected that idea and replaced it by a new anatomical concept, and that concept was that all men are created equal.
They released the game field and decided that the anatomy that mattered was anatomy anatomy and not anatomical differences . That was a very radical thing.
And in part they were doing it because they were part of an illustration system in which two things were being generated.
democracy was being generated, and at the same time I was born science.
And it's very clear, if you look at the history of the parents of the founders, that many were very interested in science and the idea of a natural world.
They were spreading from supernatural explanations, and therefore they rejected the concept of supernatural power transmitted by an empty idea of law.
They were moving towards a natural concept.
And if we look, for example, the Declaration of Independence, they talk about nature and the god of nature.
They don't talk about God and the nature of God.
They talk about the power of nature to tell us who we are.
And in consequence, they were transmitted the idea of anatomical coincidence.
And, in doing that, they were feeling the foundations of the future Civil Rights movement.
They didn't think about it that way, but they did it for us and was great.
And what happened next years?
And women succeeded.
Then came the success of the Civil Rights movement with people from the salarance of Sound Troy, which said,``Am I not a woman? ''
We found men in the rows of the Civil Rights movement saying,``I'm a man . ''
Again, people of color who appealed to anatomical coincidence on an anatomical difference, and again, they succeeded.
We see the same with the disability movement.
The problem is, of course, as we look at coincidences, we have to start asking ourselves why we keep certain divisions.
But attention, I want to keep some anatomical divisions in our culture.
For example, I don't want to give a fish the same rights than a human.
I don't want to say that we had to go back to anatomy.
I don't mean that five years old were allowed to have sexual relationships or married.
There are some anatomical divisions that for me make sense and I think we should keep.
But the challenge is to try to figure out what they are, why to keep them and if they make sense.
Well, let's go back to those two beings in the beginning of this talk.
We have two beings, both of them in the middle of 1979 exactly the same day.
Imagine that one of them, Mary, was born three months before time: June 1 in 1980.
Henry, on the contrary, was born in terms of the two of March in 1980.
For the only fact that I've been born three months before Mary is attributed to all the rights three months before Henry -- right to sexual consent, the right to vote, the right to drink.
Henry has to wait for all that not because it has a different biological age, but because it was born later.
We found other oddities in relation to their rights.
Henry, in virtue of being considered man -- I haven't told you whether it's XY, in virtue of being considered man, is possible for the mandatory warehouse that Mary doesn't have to worry about.
Mary, on its own, doesn't have the same rights to marriage than Henry in all states, for example.
Henry can be married in all states with a woman, but Mary can marry a woman just in some states.
So they still persist anatomical categories that in many ways are problematic and questionable.
And now the question is: What do we do now that science is so advanced in the field of anatomy that we get to the point of having to admit that a democratic democracy in anatomy could crumble?
I don't want to give you science, but at the same time I feel like science is escapes.
Where are we going?
It seems that what happens in our culture is sort of a pragmatic attitude,``Well, we have to trace the line somewhere, so we're going to do it . ''
But many people are trapped in a rare position.
For example, Texas at some point has decided that to marry a man, you don't have to have chromosomes and that to marry a woman, you have to have chromosomes.
Now, in practice, they don't do chemical tests to people.
But this is also very strange because of the story that I told you at the beginning of the insects of inequality.
If we look at one of the founding fathers of modern democracy, Dr. Martin Luther King, in his speech```` I"'' offers a solution.
It says we should judge people,``based on the color of their skin, but in the content of their character ,"going beyond anatomy.
And I mean,``Yes, the idea seems very good . ''
But in practice, how do you do?
How do you judge people based on the content of your character?
I want to point out that I'm not sure that we should be based on this to guarantee people right, because I've been able to admit that I know that they are likely to deserve the social services that some humans I know.
I also want to say that maybe some of the speakers I know can make more informed, intelligent and mature decisions about their sexual relationships than I know.
So, how do you put in practice the theme of character content?
It's very difficult.
And one part of me is wondering what would happen if the character of a person could be measured with an instrument, maybe with a magnetic resonance.
Do we really want to get to that point?
I'm not sure where we go.
What I do know is that it seems to be very important that the United States is still guiding this current thinking of thinking to the subject of democracy.
We've done a good job in democracy, and I think we're going to do a good job in the future.
We don't live, for example, in a context like the Iranian in which a man who feels attracted by other men is susceptible to be killed, unless he's willing to get to a sex change, in whose case it allows him to live.
We're not in that situation.
I'm glad to say that we don't have a context like a surgeon that I talked about a couple years ago that I had done a couple of years to give birth twins to then separate them and then raise their fame.
But when to the phone, I asked the reason the operation of the operation -- it was a very risky operation, I was told that in that other country, these kids would be very abused, and then I had to do it.
I said,``Well, has you considered political asylum instead of surgical separation? ''
The United States provides enormous possibilities to people to be who are not forcing them to change for the state of the state.
So I think we have to be on your head.
Well, to end, I mean I've been talking a lot about parents.
And I want to think about what democracy would be like, or as it might have been, if we would have given Mother's greater participation.
And I want to say something a little bit radical for a feminist, and it is that I think there can be different ideas from different anatomical technologies, in particular if there are people thinking about groups.
For years, because I've been interested in interactivity, I've also been interested in investigating sexual difference.
And one of the things that has been interested in are the differences between men and women in the way to think and operate in the world.
And what we know about the cross-cultural studies is that women, on average, not all, but on average tend to pay more attention to complex social relationships and to occupy those who are vulnerable within the group.
And if we think about that, we have an interesting situation in our hands.
Years ago, when I was in the graduate, one of my advisers I knew I was interested in feminism -- I was considered a feminist, as I was doing a strange plant.
\" Tell me what it has about female . ''
And I thought,``It's the most silly question I've ever heard.
Feminism has to see the gender stereotypes, so there's nothing female in feminism . ''
But the more I've thought of her question, the more it has seemed like there's something female in feminism.
That is, there might be something, on average, something different between the female brain and the male that makes us more attention to complex social relationships and willing to help the most vulnerable.
So while the parents were very keen to find the way to protect people by the state of the state, it's possible that, of having invested more mothers to this concept, maybe we would have enriched the concept of protection with reciprocal support.
And maybe that's what we have to do in the future when we take democracy beyond anatomy: thinking less in the individual body, in terms of identity, and thinking more about relationships.
So, as we try to create a more perfect union, we think about what we do.
Thank you.
In 2007, I decided we had to rethink how we think about economic development.
Our new goal should be that when every family thinks where it wants to go to live and work, it has the possibility to choose between at least a handful of different cities that are competing to attract new residents.
Well, right now, we're from that goal.
There are billions of people in developing countries that don't have a single city willing to get them.
But the surprising thing about cities is that they value much more than their construction cost.
So we could easily deliver the world dozens, perhaps hundreds, of new cities.
Well, this can sound absurd if you've never thought about new cities.
But they simply replace them by apartment buildings.
Imagine that half of those who wanted to live in apartments already were owners and that at the other half, I would still be missing to do it.
You could try to increase the ability to make extensions in all the existing buildings.
But you know the problem that you face is that those buildings and the areas that surround them have rules to avoid the molecules and the distractions of construction.
So it would be very difficult to do all those extensions.
But they could go to a completely new place, build a completely new apartment building, always, and when the rules of that place facilitate, instead of putting them out.
So I proposed that governments created new areas of reforms large enough to contain cities and gave them a name: low cities.
Later, I learned that at the same time, Japan and Ocean were thinking about the challenge of Honor reform.
They knew that every year about 75,000 men would come out of their country to go to the United States, and they wanted to ask what they could do to make sure that those people could stay and do those things in Honduras.
In the summer of 2009 Honduras went through a crazy constructive crisis.
In the next regular elections, Deep Libertar was widely imposed with a platform in which I promised reforms and at the same time reconciliation.
He asked October to be his head of cabinet.
Meanwhile, I was preparing to give a talk at TEDGlobal.
Through a process of perfection, trial and error, and a lot of testing with users, I tried to reduce this complicated concept of cities under its most essential ideas.
The first point was the importance of norms, like those rules that say you can't go and bother all the current residents of apartments.
We pay a lot of attention to new technologies, but you need so much of technologies like norms to progress, and usually are the rules that prevent us to move forward.
In the fall of 2010, a friend of Guatemala sent him to October a link with TEDTalk.
I showed it to Japan.
They called me.
They said,``Let's introduce this to the leaders of our country . ''
So in December we met in Miami, in a hotel conference room.
I tried to explain this point about how valuable cities are, much more valuable than their monetary cost.
And I used this image that shows the value of the land in a place like New York City . Notice; land that, in some cases, are worth thousands of dollars per square meter.
But it was a pretty abstract discussion, and at some point, when there was a pause, October said,``Paul, maybe we could see the video of the TEDTalk talk . ''
And the talk described in very simple terms that a low-cost city is a place where you start with spiritual terrain, a state that specifies the rules that will apply there and a choice so that people can choose if they want to go or live under those norms.
So the president of Honduras called me, and he told me that we had to do this project, this is important, this might be the path for our country to advance.
He asked me to go to Telegard and spoke again about four and five of January.
So I presented another talk full of data, which included an image like this, which tried to explain that to make a lot of value to a city, this has to be very big.
This is a picture of Denver, and the white line is the new airport that was built in Denver.
Only this airport covers over 100 square kilometers.
So I was trying to convince the innovators that to build a new city, you have to start with a site that measured at least 1,000 square miles.
That's over 100,000 acres.
The whole world was completely clapping.
The public faces were very serious and attentive.
The Congress leader came up to the platform and said,``Professor Rome, thank you very much for your talk, but maybe you could see the video of the TEDTalk talk.
I have it here in my computer . ''
So I sat and showed the TEDTalk.
And this explained the essential -- that a new city can offer new options for people.
There would be a city of a city that you could get in Honduras, rather than hundreds of miles away north.
And it would also include new options for leaders.
Because the leaders of the Honduras government would need help of countries associated, they could benefit from the associated countries that would help them establish and make the rules of the status, so that they could all trust that the status effectively meets.
We went and saw a site.
This picture is from there.
I could easily take about a thousand square miles.
And shortly after, January 19th, they voted in Congress to get their constitution and add a constitutional arrangement that allowed to create these special regions of development.
In a country that was just going through this painful crisis, the vote in Congress for this constitutional Amendment was 124 to one.
All the parties, all of the factions in society, supported it.
To include the constitution, you have to approve twice in Congress.
On February 17th was passed over again in another voting , 1414 to one.
Immediately after voting, from 21 to 24 in February, a delivery of about 30 Honduras was to two places in the world that are more interested in building cities.
One of them is South Korea.
This is a picture of a new great center of the city that is building in South Korea; it's bigger than the Boston Center.
Everything you see there was in four years, after they spent four years, getting permission.
The other interested country in building cities is Singapore.
In fact, they've already built two cities in China, and they're preparing for a third.
And if you think about this, practical mode, this is the point where we are.
They have a site, and they're already thinking of a site for the second city.
They're preparing a legal system that would allow the administrators to come, and it would allow it to operate under an external legal system.
A country has already committed to allow her Court Supreme to be the last sentence for this new judicial system.
There are urban and building of cities that are very interested in the project.
They can even get some funding.
But the only thing we know is that they have a good number of inhabitants.
There are many companies that want to install in America, especially in a place with a free trade zone, and there are a lot of people who would like to go live there.
In the world there are 700 million people who say they'd like to shift immediately elsewhere.
There's a million a year from Latin America to go to the United States.
A lot of them are parents who have to leave their family to get a job, and sometimes they're single mothers who have to earn money to just eat or buy clothes.
Sadly, sometimes even kids who are trying to meet their parents who haven't seen, in some cases, in a decade.
So what seems to think about building a new city in Honduras?
Or do you build a dozen of these, or a hundred of these all over the world?
What does it seem to think about insist for families to choose between various cities that are competing to attract new residents?
This is an idea worth spreading.
And my senior friends asked me to say,``Thank you TED . ''
I'm Jesus, and this is my worth.
But before I show you what there is in, I'm going to make a public confession, and that is, living with the suits.
I love to find, dress, and more recently, photograph and publish in my blog, colorful, colorful and different blog.
But I don't buy anything new.
All my clothes is a second hand of thumb markets and secondhand shops.
Oh, thank you.
The second hand shops allow me to reduce the impact of my daycare in the environment and my wallet.
I come to meet interesting people; usually my money goes to a good cause; my aspect is unique; and buy becomes my personal quest of treasures.
I mean, what am I going to find today?
Is it from my heel?
Would I like color?
Is it cost less than 20 dollars?
If all the answers are positive, then I feel I won.
So back to the theme of my courage, I want to tell you what I packed for this exciting week at TED.
I mean, what brings someone who has all that clothes?
So I'm going to show you exactly what I brought.
I've brought seven different pairs of underwear, and nothing else.
And the inner clothes for exactly a week is everything I've put in my worth.
I thought it would be able to find everything else I wanted to use after I got here to Palm Springs.
And because I'm not known as the woman walking for TED in inner clothes, that means I found some things.
And I'd like to show you now for this week.
Doesn't it sound interesting?
As I do that, I'm also going to tell you some of the lessons of life that, believe it or not, I've learned in this adventure of not using new clothes.
Let's start with Sunday.
I call this brilliant tiger.
You don't spend a lot of money to look good.
You can almost see it phenomenal for less than 50 dollars.
The whole set, including the jacket, cost me 55, and it's the most expensive thing I've used in the week.
Monday, color is energy.
It's almost physically impossible to be from bad humor, when you're visiting a brilliant red pants.
If you're happy, you're going to attract other happy people.
Mars: integration is survived.
I've spent a lot of time in life trying to be myself and at the same time.
I just know yourself.
If you surround you from the right people, you won't just understand them, you'll also appreciate you.
Wednesday: Guard of the child you're carrying inside.
Sometimes people tell me that it seems like I play the disasters, or I remind you to your little age seven.
I like to smile and say,``Thank you . ''
Thursday: trust is key.
If you think you're good with something, it's almost sure you are.
And if you think you don't see you well with something, it's probably true.
My mother taught me this day after day.
But it wasn't until the 30 years that I really understood its meaning.
And I'm going to explain it in a few seconds.
If you think you're a beautiful person in your interior and outside, you don't look at it.
So there's no excuse for anybody in this audience.
We need to be able to achieve everything we want to achieve.
Thank you.
Friday: A universal truth six words for you: The golden lentils go with everything.
And finally, Saturday: develop a personal, unique thing is a great way of telling the world something about you without having to say a word.
I've tried it over and over again when people approached me this week just by what I was using, and we had fantastic conversations.
Obviously this is not going to go into my little valley.
So before I go home, to Brooklyn, I'm going to donate everything.
Because the lesson I'm trying to learn this week is that you have to leave certain things.
I don't need to get excited emotionally to these things, because back in the corner, there will always be another crazy, colorful and brilliant suit by waiting, if there's a little love in my heart and search.
Thank you very much.
Thank you.
This is a representation of your brain that we can split in two parts.
The left side, which is the logical part, and the right side, which is the intuitive part.
So, if we used a scale to measure every hemisphere of every hemisphere, we could design a blueprint of our brain.
For example, this would be somebody who is completely logical.
This would be somebody who is totally intuitive.
So, where would you put your brain on this scale?
Some of these are going to be one of these extremes, but I think for most of the members of this audience, their brain is something like this -- with a great attitude in both hemispheres at the same time.
It's not that they're mutually exclusive.
You can be logical and intuitive.
I consider one of those people, that just like most of the other other experimental physicists, we need pretty logical to connect these complicated ideas.
But at the same time, we need pretty intuitive to make experiments really work.
How do we develop this intuition? Well, we like to play with things.
We're playing with them, and then we see how they react, and then we develop our intuition from that point.
And actually, you do the same thing.
Now, some intuition that you can have developed over the years is the one that says one thing can be only in one place at a time.
I mean, it can sound weird to think that one thing is in two different places at the same time, but you weren't born with this notion, they developed it.
I remember looking at a child playing in a parking bar.
It was a small child, and he didn't do it very well, he always fell.
But I bet that playing with that parking bar is taught a valuable lesson, and that is that big things don't allow them to pass them, and they stay in a place.
This is a great conceptual model that you can have in the world, except you're a particle physicist.
It would be a terrible model for a particle physicist, because they don't play with parking bars, they play with these strange little particles.
And when they play with their particles, they find that they do all kinds of really weird things -- they can go through walls, or they can be in two different places at the same time.
And then they wrote all these observations, and they called it quantum mechanics theory.
At that point, it was the physics a few years ago; you needed quantum mechanics to describe those little particles.
But not to describe the big objects around us every day.
That didn't fit very well to my intuition, and maybe it's because it doesn't play very often with particles.
Well, sometimes I play with them, but not much.
And I've never seen them.
I mean, nobody saw a particle.
But it didn't fit well to my logical part.
Because if everything is made of little particles and all the little particles follow the principles of quantum mechanics, then shouldn't all follow the principles of quantum mechanics?
I don't find the reason why it shouldn't.
And so I would feel much better if I could somehow show that a common object also follow the principles of quantum mechanics.
That's why a few years ago, I proposed to do exactly that.
And I did.
This is the first object that you can see that has been in a quantum mechanics overlap.
What we see here is a little computer chip.
And you can try to see the green dot right in the middle.
That's the metal piece I'm going to talk about in a minute.
This is a picture of the object.
And here I'm going to extend it a little bit . It's right at the center.
And then here we do a good approach to the little trip of metal.
What we're seeing is a little bit of metal, and it's a little bit of transplant, and that is supported on a platform.
And then I did this almost the same way you would make a computer chip.
I went to a clean room with a new silicon chip, and I started working all the big machines for about 100 hours.
For the last material, I had to build my own machine -- to make this bridge with a swimming pilot, which is underneath the device.
This device has the ability to be in a quantum overlap, but for it, it needs some help.
Let me make an analogy.
You know how uncomfortable it is to be in a elevator full of people.
I mean, when I'm in an elevator alone, I do all sorts of weird things, but then when other people go up to do those things, because I don't want them to bother, or actually scare.
Quantum mechanics says that inanimate objects behave in the same way.
The travel partners of inanimate objects are not just people, it's also the light that held it and the wind that goes on the side and the heat of the room.
So we knew that if we wanted this metal to behave according to quantum mechanics, we would have to push all the other passengers.
And that's what we did.
We turn out the lights, then we introduced a vacuum and extract all the air, and then we cooled it into a temperature of less than a degree above the zero.
Now, when you're just in the elevator, the little piece of metal is free to act as you want.
So we measured their movements.
We discovered that it moves in very strange ways.
Instead of being perfectly sorry, I was vibrating, and the way it was vibrating was like a breath in this form -- like a force that expands and contract.
And when you give it a smooth push, we could make it vibrate and not vibrate at the same time -- something that happens with quantum mechanics.
So what I'm telling you is something really fantastic.
What does it mean that it's a vibrating thing and doesn't vibrate at the same time?
Let's think of atoms.
In one case, all the billions of atoms that make that piece of metal are still, and at the same time those same atoms are moving up and down.
It's just in significant certain when those are aligned.
In the rest of time, they're sliding.
It means that each atom is in two different places at the same time, which means that the whole piece of metal is in two different places.
I think this is great.
Seriously.
It's worth going on in a clean room to do this for all those years, because, look at this, the difference in scale between one atom and that metal piece is roughly the same as the difference between that piece of metal and you.
So if one atom can be in two different places at the same time, and that piece of metal can be in two different places, why don't you also?
I mean, it's my logical part.
So imagine if they were in several places at the same time, what would that be?
How do you act your consciousness if your body was distributed in space?
There's another part of history.
And it's when we heat it, and we turned the lights and we looked inside the box, we saw that the metal was still there in one piece.
And I could get to this new intuition, apparently all objects in the elevator are actually just quantum objects that are just made in a small space.
You hear a lot about that quantum mechanics claims that everything is interconnected.
Well, that's not so true.
It's more profound.
It's that those connections, your connections to all the things that surround you, literally define who you are, and that's the deep queerness of quantum mechanics.
Thank you.
My name is Smith.
And 18 months ago I did another work at Google, until I launched the idea of doing something related to museums and art to my boss who is here and allowed me to take it.
It took me 18 months.
A lot of negotiations and stories, I'm sure, with 17 very interesting nine countries.
But I'm going to focus on the demo.
There's a lot of stories about why we did it.
I think my own story is just explained in this slide, and this is access.
I grew up in India.
And a great education I didn't complain, but I didn't have access to many of these museums and artwork.
So when I started traveling and go to museums, I started learning a lot.
And working in Google, I try to make the desire to make it more accessible by technology.
So we formed a team, a great team of people, and we started to do it.
I better show you the demo to then explain a couple of interesting things that we've conducted from their launch.
So, just, we go to Goverbon.
Look around all the museums that there are.
There's the U.S. gallery, MoMA, the Error, the Ritual, the Van Gogh.
I'm actually going to go into one of my favorites, to the Metropolitan, the New York Arts museum.
There are two ways of doing it -- very simple.
We click, and my mom, we're already inside the museum.
No matter where you are, Mumbai or Mexico, that really doesn't matter.
You move around and you divide.
Do you want to navigate the museum?
We open the blueprint, and with one click, we jumped inside.
They're inside, they want to go at the end of the hall.
Go ahead . They're moving!
explore it.
Thank you, but I haven't got to the best.
Now, I'm in front of one of my favorite paintings,``The Hawkins'"in the Metropolitan.
I see the sign +.
If the museum shows us the image, we click there.
Look, this is one of the images.
Here's all the information of metadata.
For those of you who are really interested in art, you can click there, but I'm going to click here right now.
And this is one of the images that we've captured in what we call the cognitive technology.
So this image, for example, contains, I think, about 10 billion pixels.
And there are many people who ask me,``What do you get with 10 billion pixels? ''
So I'll show you what you really get with 10 billion pixels.
It can be made around a very simple way.
You see funny things that are happening.
I love this kid, his expression has no price.
But if you really want to dive.
So I started playing, and I found something that happened there.
And I said,``A moment, this seems interesting . ''
I went into and discovered that children were actually playing something.
I did a little bit of research, I talked to some people from the Metropolitan, and I actually discovered that this is a game called unconscious, which is to hit an ocean with a storm the Tuesday Tuesday.
And it was very popular.
I don't know why they did it, but I've learned something about it.
And now we're going to get even more deep, and you can see that you can actually get even the cracks.
Now just to give you a little bit of perspective, I'm going to go through the image, so you really see what there is.
This is where we were, and this is the painting.
The best thing is to come, a second.
So now we're going to quickly jump again to MoMA in New York.
Here's another one of my favorites,``The Standard night . ''
The example I showed was to find details.
But what happens if you want to see the brush?
And if you want to see, how did Gogh actually created this masterpiece?
It goes up and really do it.
I go to one of my favorite parts in this picture, and I'm really going to get to the cracks.
This is``the stereotyped night ,"I think I had never seen it before.
I'm going to show you another of my favorite functions.
There are a lot of things, but I don't have time to show you.
This is the really cool part . It's called``collections . ''
All of you, absolutely all, doesn't matter whether it's rich or poor, or if you have a mansion, that's the same.
You can online to create your own museum, create your own collection from all these images.
It's very simple, we go in, I've created this function that I call``The Power of The Loude ,"we just made a marriage around.
It's about``The ambassadors"in the London National Gallery.
You can put things up, send it to your friends and keep a conversation about what you feel when you're contemplating these masterpieces.
So in conclusion, I think for me, the main thing is that all amazing things really don't come from Google.
No, in my opinion, even not from the museums.
Maybe I shouldn't say this.
Actually, they come from those artists.
And that's been my humble experience with this.
I mean, I hope that in this digital medium, it will do justice to its artwork and that is represented properly online.
And the big question that they do today is,``You did this to repeat the experience of going to a museum? ''
And the answer is no.
It's to supplement the experience.
And that's all . Thank you.
Thank you.
Good afternoon.
I have something to show you.
Think of it is a pixel, a flying pixel.
In our lab, we call it responsive design.
I'll tell you a little bit about this.
If you look at this picture -- I'm from Italian origin, all the children in Italy grow with this picture on the wall of its bedroom, but the reason I show you this is that something very interesting has happened in Fortune 1's last two decades.
So, a few time ago, if you wanted to win a race of formula one, I took a budget, and I took it into a good pilot and a good car.
And if the car and the pilot were good enough, you won the career.
This is what, in engineering, it's called real time control system.
It's essentially a system that has two components: a sensor and an accident.
The interesting thing is that control systems are starting to enter in our lives.
Our cities, in the last few years, have been covered by networks and electronics.
They're getting computers into free air.
And as such, they're beginning to respond differently, and they can be detected and accessible.
And the city is a big thing.
As a note, I wanted to mention that cities are only two percent of the world's crust, but they represent 50 percent of the world's population.
75 percent of energy consumption -- and to 80 percent of the CO2 emissions.
If we could do something with cities, it would be big.
Beyond cities, all these detection and activists are going into our everyday objects.
This is from a Papua Attention exhibition for year at MoMA during the summer.
It's called``Talk Uncle . ''
Well, our objects, the environment, start to talk to them.
In a way, it's like almost all the existing atoms become sensors and actuators.
And that's changing the interaction that as humans we have with the outside environment.
In a sense it's almost like the old Dream of Michelangelo.
You know, when Michelangelo School scanned the Moses, it's said that in the end, I took the hammer and threw it into the Moses -- you can still see a little ball underneath and said screaming,``Percy didn't pay?"-- why don't you talk?
Well, today, for the first time, our environment starts to talk to us.
And I'm going to show you just a few examples; insisting in the idea of capturing the environment and act something.
Let's start with detection.
The first project I wanted to share with you is actually one of the first projects of our lab.
This was four and a half years ago in Italy.
It was a summer of 2006.
It was the year that Italy won the World Cup.
Maybe some of you remember it, played Italy and France, and at the end of Africa, I gave the head.
And anyway, at the end win Italy.
Now let's see what happened that day looking at the activity happening in the network.
Here we see the city.
You see the Coliseum in the middle and the Turk River.
It's the morning, before the game.
The time line is at the top.
At the early afternoon, there are people over here and there making calls, moving.
It starts the game: silence.
Gulf of France . Italy from Italy.
Try; people do a quick call and go to the bathroom.
Second time . End of weather time.
First time -- second.
Zindergear, and at a moment, the head.
Italy won, yeah!
That night all went to celebrate it.
You see the big spike.
The next day they all went to the center to the meeting of the winning team and the prime minister of then.
And then everybody went down.
You see the image of the place called Circula Massachu where, from the Roman Age, people are going to celebrate; it's a great party, you can see the peak at the end of the day.
This is just an example of how you can measure the city pulse in a way that we wouldn't have been able to do just a few years ago.
Another quick example of detection: it's not about people, but things we use and consume.
Today we know everything about the procedure of our objects.
This is a map that shows all the chips that make a Mac, how they assemble.
But we know very little about where things go.
So in this project, we developed small tags to track the trash in its disposal for the system.
We started with a few volunteers that helped us in Seattle just recently over a year ago, to label what they were throwing out, different kinds of things, as you can see, things that anyway would throw.
Then we put them a little chip, a tag, to the trash, and then we started to track it.
These are the results.
From Seattle.
After a week.
With this information, we realized that there are lots of inefficiencies in the system.
We can do the same thing with much less energy.
These are data that didn't exist before.
complicated things are happening and there's a lot of unnecessary transportation.
But the other thing we believe is that if we look at every day that the cup that we throw doesn't disappear, that is still somewhere on the planet.
That if the plastic bottle that we throw one day is still there.
That if we show that to people, then we can promote some behavior change.
That was the reason of the project.
My colleague of MIT, Asia Biofful, could tell us much more about detection and many other cool things that we can do with that, but I wanted to go to second part that we mentioned at the beginning, which is to act on the environment.
And the first project is something we did a couple of years ago in Cargill.
Everything started with a question of the city mayor, which came and told us that Spain and South Europe has a beautiful tradition of the use of water in public spaces, in architecture.
And the question was, how can technology, new technology, will join that?
And one of the ideas that we developed at MIT, in a workshop, was, imagine that they have a chaos and valves, solved valves, languages that open and close.
It creates like a water curtain, with water pixels.
If you fall the pixels, you can write in them, show patterns, images, texts.
And when you zoom in, the curtain will open up so that we can pass, as you see in the image.
So we presented this to the Mayor Mayor.
He liked it.
And I decided a commission to design the building to the entrance of the expo.
We call it the Digital Water pavilion.
The whole building is made of water.
There are no doors and windows, but when you get open up, so you can pass.
The ceiling is also covered with water.
And if there's a little bit of wind, if you want to minimize the slowers, it goes down the roof.
Or you can close the building and all the architecture disappears, like in this case.
Those days, there will always be somebody, in the winter, when they go down the roof, someone who was there and he said,``They demolish the building . ''
No, it's not that they've been democratized, but when it goes down almost all the architecture goes away.
So here's what it is.
You see people intrigued by what happens inside.
And here I am, I'm trying to try not to get the sensors that open the water.
I think I should tell you what happened one night when all the sensors stopped working.
That night was actually even more fun.
All the children in Zarry came into the building because the way of interacting had changed a little bit.
It was no longer a building that was open to let it happen, but a building that kept making cuts and water holes and you had to jump to do not move.
( People noises) And for us that was very interesting because as architects, engineers, designers, we always think about using the use that people will give us our designs.
But then the reality is always unpredictable.
And that's the beauty of doing things for interacting, that people use.
This is a picture of the building with physical pixels, water pixels, and projects on them.
And this is what led us to think about the next project I'm going to show you.
Imagine that those pixels could start to fly.
Imagine you could have little helicopters in the air, and that each one had a little pixel that changes color as if it was a cloud that moves in space.
This is the video.
Imagine a helicopter, like the one we saw before, which moves with others in sync.
We could form this cloud.
A kind of flexible screen like this with a normal configuration in two dimensions.
Or normal, but in three dimensions, where what it changes is light, not the position of the pixels.
You can play with a different kind of thing.
Imagine that the screen appears in different scales and sizes, in different kinds of resolution.
And then all that could be a 3D pixels cloud that you can get closer and go through, and see from very diverse angles.
This is the actual Flip Florida, going down to form an V, like before.
When the light goes, you see this . The same thing we saw before.
Imagine each of them controlled by one person.
We can have every pixel with an input that comes from people, from people's movement, etc., etc.
I want to show you something for the first time.
We've been working with Robert Bolt -- one of the best ballet dancers of today, the star of the New York City and the Milan Scala to capture its 3D movements and use them as an input for the flu.
Here we can see Robert dancing.
On the left you see the pixels, the capture in different resolution.
It's both 3D digitization in real time as a movement capture.
It can reconstruct all the movement.
You can go all the way.
And once we have the pixels we can play with them, with color and movement, with gravity and rotation.
We want to use this as a possible entry for the flu.
I wanted to show you the last project we're working on.
It's something for the London Olympics of London.
It's called the cloud.
And the idea is, imagine again, that we could engage people to do something and change our environment as a cloud of clouds like the grain of big, but with a cloud.
Imagine that we could get everyone to give a little bit for a pixel.
And I think the remarkable thing that has happened in the last few years is that in the last two decades, we went from the physical world to the digital world.
We've digitized everything, like knowledge, and it's accessible through the Internet.
Today, for the first time -- and the Obama campaign showed us, we can move from the digital world, the self-organizing power of networks, to the physical world.
In our case, this may we want to use it to design and make a symbol.
That would mean something built in a city.
But tomorrow can be to address the challenges of today: think of climate change or CO2 emissions . How to move from the digital world to the physical world?
The idea is that we can get people involved to do this together, collectively.
The cloud is a cloud, again, made of pixels in the same way as the real cloud is a cloud of particles.
And those particles are water, whereas in our cloud are pixels.
It's a physical structure in London, but it covered the pixels.
You can move inside, have different experiences.
You can see it from below, serve to share the main moments of the 2012 Olympics, and even more, and it can be used as a form of connection with the community.
So, it's so much a physical cloud of the sky as something you can rise to, like a new top of London.
You can go into there.
As if it was a new digital forum at night, but most importantly, it's going to be a new experience for anyone who goes to the top.
Thank you.
Would you like to be better than they are?
Suppose I told you that, with just a few changes in their genes, they could improve memory -- for one more precise, more accurate and faster.
Or maybe they'd like to be in better way, to be stronger, to have more resistance.
Would you like to be more attractive and secure themselves?
How about more with good health?
Or maybe they're from those people who always wanted to be more creative.
What would you most like?
What would you like, if you could choose something?
( Audience member: creativity) creativity.
How many people would choose creativity?
Hands up . Let me see.
A few . It was probably the number of creative people.
That's very good.
How many chose the memory?
A few more.
What about physical state?
A little less.
What about longevity?
Oh, most . That makes me feel very well as a doctor.
If you could have some of this, the world would be very different.
Is it just imagination?
Or maybe it's possible?
Evolution has been an awful theme here at the TED Conference, but today I want to give you the gaze of a doctor on the subject.
The great genius of the 20th century, Tunnelson . Dorochologist, who also was fighting in the Corterate Orthodox Church, wrote a trial called``Nothing in biology makes sense of the light of evolution . ''
But if you effectively accept biological evolution, consider this: Is it just the past, or the future?
Is it about others or us?
This is another look at the tree of life.
The human part of this branch, well in an extreme, is of course the one that we're interested in.
We go from a common ancestor with modern chimpanzees about six or eight million years ago.
In the interval, there have been maybe 20 25 different species of hominids.
Some have gone back and forth.
We've been here about 130 years old.
It might seem like we're very far from other parts of this tree of life, but actually, most of the basic machinery of our cells is kind of the same.
Do you realize that we can harness and control the machinery of a common bacteria to produce the protein of human insulin that's used to treat diabetes?
This is not like human insulin, but it's the same protein, chemistry of the pancreas.
And talking about bacteria -- do you realize that we all take in the most bacteria that we have in the rest of the body?
Maybe 10 times more.
I mean, think -- when I'm Antonio House, I plant you with the autobiographical -- think of bacteria?
The gut is a wonderfully hospital environment for those bacteria.
It's warm, dark, humid, it's very shocked.
And we're going to give them all the nutrients you can want without effort.
It's really like a quick way for bacteria with the occasional disruption of some paradigm apartment to the output.
But in the other way, we are a wonderful environment for those bacteria in the same way that they are essential for our life.
They help digest nutrients, and they protect us from certain diseases.
But what is the future?
Are we in sort of evolutionary balance as a species?
Or meant to become something different, perhaps better adapted to the environment?
In this vast unconscious symphony of the universe, life on Earth is like a brief compound -- the animal kingdom, as a single and only companies -- and human life, a little note of grace.
That was us.
And it was also the entertaining part of this talk, so I hope you've enjoyed it.
When I first entered college, I had my first kind of biology.
It was fascinated by the elegance and beauty of biology.
I fell in love with the power of evolution, and I realized something fundamental: in most of the existence of life, in the single-celled organisms, every cell is simply divided and all the genetic energy of that cell is transmitted to the two daughters.
But when molecular organisms appear, things start to change.
He enters sexual reproduction.
And something very important: with the emergence of sexual reproduction that happens, the rest of the body becomes underwater.
In fact, you could say that the implication of death of the body comes into evolution at the same time of sexual reproduction.
I have to tell you that when I was a college student, I thought, well, service, service, death, death for sex; it seemed pretty reasonable at that time, but with every year that was going on, I had more doubt.
I came to understand George Burns's feelings, who still acted in Vegas well in his 90 years.
And one night someone hit their hotel door.
He opens the door.
In front of it, you find a magnificent little dancer of clothes.
He looks at it and he says,``I'm looking for a sex soup . ''
\" Okay ,"George says,``I chose the soup . ''
I realized, as a doctor, that I was working for a different goal to the goal of evolution -- not necessarily counterintuitive, just different.
I was trying to preserve the body.
I wanted you to keep us healthy.
I wanted to regain health in the disease.
I wanted us to live more healthy and healthier.
Evolution is to spend the genome to the next generation; adapting and survival after generation.
From an evolutionary point of view you and I are like refugee rockets designed to send the genetic charge to the next standard level and then let you fall into the sea.
I think we all understand the feeling that I expressed Woody Allen when he said,``I don't want to get the immortality through my work.
I want to make it not dying . ''
Evolution doesn't necessarily favor longevity.
It doesn't necessarily favor the biggest or the strongest or the fastest, and not even the smartest.
Evolution favors creatures better adapted to their environment.
That's the only proof of survival and success.
In the bottom of the ocean, the bacteria that can survive the heat of smoking smoking that would produce, if there were fish there, fish cooked into the vacuum, yet they've managed to make that a sweating environment.
So what does this mean, when we look at what's happening in evolution, and if we go back to thinking about the place of humans in evolution and, in particular, if we look forward, the next phase -- I would say there's a lot of possibilities.
The first is that we don't evolve.
We've reached a kind of balance.
And the underlying reasoning would be that through medicine, first of all, we've known to preserve a lot of genes that would otherwise have been dismissed and eliminated from the population.
And secondly, as a species, we've confirmed our environment to adapt to us as well as we adapt to it.
And by the way, migrate, we circle, and we are so excited that it's no longer possible to have the isolation that we need to have to happen.
A second possibility is that an evolution of traditional, natural, imposed of the forces of nature.
And the argument here would be: the gears of evolution roll down, but they are inevitable.
And in terms of isolation, when as a species we collect distant planets, there will be the isolation and the environmental changes that can produce evolution in natural ways.
But there's a third possibility, an attractive, intriguing, terrifying possibility.
The letter negotiation, the new evolution, which is not simply natural -- but guided and selected by us as individuals in the decisions we will take.
Now, how could this happen?
How could we do this?
First we will consider the reality that many people today, in some cultures, are making decisions about their offspring.
In some cultures, they're choosing to have more varieties than women.
It's not necessarily good for society, but it's what is chosen at the individual level and family.
They also think that if it was possible to choose not only the sex of its offspring, but in its own body to make genetic adjustments to cure or prevent diseases.
What if we could make genetic changes to remove diabetes or Alzheimer's disease or reduce the risk of cancer or remove the airplane?
Wouldn't you want to make those changes in their genes?
If you look at the future, that kind of changes is going to be increasingly possible.
The Human Genome Project started in 1990 and sued 13 years.
It cost 2.2 billion dollars.
The next year of having finished, in 2004, I could do the same work for 20 million dollars in three months.
Today, you can get a full sequence of the three billion base pairs of the human genome at a cost near the $20,000 and in a week.
It's not going to be much to make human genome reality for 1,000 dollars and getting more and more to reach everything.
These changes are coming.
The same technology that has produced human insulin in bacteria can make viruses that not only are going to protect us from themselves, but they're going to induce immunity against other viruses.
Believe it or there's no experimental trial in course with the flu vaccine in the cells of a tobacco plant.
Can you imagine something good for tobacco?
That's reality today, and in the future, it's going to be increasingly possible.
So imagine then only two other little changes.
Can you change the cells of your bodies, but if you could change the cells of your offspring?
What if you could change the sperm and the eggs, or change the fine value, and give your kids a better chance of a healthier life, remove diabetes, eliminate the hemisphere, reduce the risk of cancer?
Who doesn't want healthier children?
And then that same analytical technology, that same engine of science that can produce the changes to prevent disease is also going to allow us to adopt hyperactivity -- a better memory.
Why don't you have the ingenuity of a Ken Jennings especially if you could increase it with the next generation of the Watson machine?
Why don't you have a faster control muscle than allowing us to run faster and more distance?
Why not live longer?
This is going to be irresistible.
And when we're in conditions of moving this to the next generation, and we can adopt the attributes that we wanted to have converted the evolution of before in pneumonia.
We're going to take a process that could normally take 100,000 years and we can compress it to 1,000 years and maybe happen within the next 100 years.
These are choices that their grandchildren, or the grandchildren of their grandchildren, are going to have before.
Are we going to use these options in a better society, more successful, more considered?
Or, are we going to choose selectively different attributes that we want for some of us but not for others?
Are we going to build a society that is more boring and more uniform or more robust and more verbal?
This is the kind of question we're going to have to face.
And the deepest thing about all: Are we going to be able to develop wisdom and inherit the wisdom to make these decisions wisely?
For good or for evil, and before what I could think, these options are going to depend on us.
Thank you.
Imagine a great explosion when you're at 900 feet high.
Imagine an airplane full of smoke.
Imagine a engine making clarity, class, class.
Class, class, nails, Clay . It sounds scary.
Well, I had a unique seat that day . I was sitting in the 12th.
It was the only one who could talk to flight assistants.
So immediately I looked at them, and they said,``No problem . We probably hit some birds . ''
The pilot had lived the plane, and we weren't so far.
You could see Manhattan.
Two minutes later, three things happened at the same time.
The pilot online the plane with Hudson River.
That's usually not the route.
It took off the engines.
Imagine being on a plane and without noises.
And then he said three words.
The three most despair words I've heard.
He said,``prepare for impact . ''
I didn't have to talk more about flight assistant.
I could see it in his eyes.
It was terror . Life was finished.
I want to share with you three things I learned about myself that day.
I learned that everything changes in an instant.
We have this list of things to do before we die, these things we want to do in life, and I thought about all the people I wanted to get to, and I didn't, all the fences I wanted to go back, all the experiences I've wanted to have, and I never had.
As I thought about that later, I came a sentence, which is,``Collective wine . ''
Because if the wine is ready, and the person is there, I'm going to open it.
I don't want to apply anything in life.
And that urgency, that purpose, has really changed my life.
The second thing I learned that day -- and this is while we're avoiding the bridge George Washington, which was not for a lot -- I thought, wow, I really feel a great weight.
I've lived a good life.
In my humanity and my mistakes, I've tried to improve in everything I did.
But in my humanity, I also give place to my ego.
And I'm sorry the time that they didn't matter with people who do matter.
And I thought about my relationship with my wife, with my friends, with people.
And then, as a media in that, I decided to remove the negative energy of my life.
It's not perfect, but it's much better.
In two years, I haven't had a fight with my wife.
It feels like wonder.
It's no longer to be right; it chose to be happy.
The third thing I learned -- and this is how your mental clock goes down,``15 , 14 , 13 . ''
You see the water going.
I'm saying,``Please fly . ''
I don't want this to break in 20 pieces as you see in those documents.
And as we went down, I had the sense of, wow, die doesn't fear.
It's almost how we've been preparing for that all our life.
But it was very sad.
I didn't want to go; I love my life.
And that sadness would emerge in a single thought, which is, just desire one thing.
I wish I could see my kids growing.
A month later, I was in an act of my daughter -- first degree, not so much artistic talent -- still . And scream, cry, like a little one.
And for me, that was the whole reason of being the world.
At that point I understood, by connecting those two points, that the only thing that matters in my life is to be a great father.
On the top, the only goal I have in life is to be a good father.
I was given a miracle, not to die that day.
And I was given another gift, which was the possibility of looking at the future and back and live otherwise.
You're flying today, the challenges to imagine that the same thing happens on your airplane -- and please don't -- but imagine, and how do you change?
What do they do, they still hope to do because they think they're going to live forever?
How do you change your relationships and negative energy in them?
And most importantly, are the best parents you can?
Thank you.
I've clearly been blessed in life with many amazing projects.
But the most cool one I worked on was for this guy.
The guy called TEDTalk.
TEDster was one of the most important graffiti of the 1980s.
One day he came home after running and said,``Dad, I feel a strands on the legs . ''
And that was the beginning of ALS.
Today TED has a total paralysis.
It can only use your eyes.
His work influenced me.
I have a design company and animation, so obviously, graffiti is something that we admire and respect in the world of art.
So we decided that we were going to beat Tony, TED, and its cause.
So I went and met with her brother and her father and I said,``Let's give them this money.
What are you going to do with it? ''
And his brother said,``I just want to be able to talk to Tony again.
I just want to be able to communicate with him and he's able to communicate with me . ''
And I said,``A second, not that I've seen Stephen Hawking not that all people with paralysis can communicate through those devices? ''
And he said,``No, unless you're someone important, and you have a very good insurance, you can't actually do it.
These devices are not affordable for people . ''
And I said,``Well, how do you communicate? ''
You see the movie``The School and the butterfly"?
They communicate that way -- they're doing it with the finger.
I said,``That's archaic . How can it be? ''
So I presented with the only desire to deliver a check, and instead of that signed a check that had no idea how I was going to cover.
I committed with her brother and her father there at that point,``All right, this is the treatment: Tony's going to talk, we're going to build a machine, and we'll find a way to go back to do his art again.
Because it's ridiculous that someone who has so much in their inner cannot communicate . ''
So I talked about a couple of months later.
I met these guys called GPS Research Lab, who have a technology that allows them to project a light in any surface and then, with a laser pointer, draw on that and record negative space.
So they go around doing art facilities like this.
All the things that appear, they say, are part of a cycle of life.
They first start with sexual organs, then with bad words, then with the assembly to Bush and, at the end, people start doing art.
But there was always a cycle of life in their presentations.
And so the journey started.
And about two years later, about a year later, after a lot of organization and very much moving things on one side to another side, we had achieved a couple of things.
One, we played the gates of insurance companies and we got a machine for GMT to communicate -- a machine like Stephen Hawking.
Which was great.
And seriously, it's from the most fun; I call it York because speaking with the guy, you get an email of it, and you say,``Don't do it . This guy is fantastic . ''
The other thing we did was to bring seven programmers from all over the world, virtually all the corners on the planet to our house.
My wife, the children and I, we moved to the garage of the back and these hackers and programmers and conservations and analogots took control of the house.
A lot of our friends thought we did something completely stupid, and that when we get back, they would have taken off the walls of the walls and instead would be graffiti.
But for two weeks, we were programming, we went to the shipping of Venice, my son was part, my dog, and we created this.
It's called``Scripty ,"and you can see the description.
It's a pair of cheap sunglasses that we buy in the shipping ride of Venice Beach, some wire wire and Home Department and Radio Shakespeare and Radio Shake.
We take a PSA camera, we open it, we put it on a LED light, and now there's a device that is free -- it builds yourself; we published the free code the software goes down free.
And we created a device that has no limitation at all.
There's no insurance company saying``no . ''
There is no hospital that can say``no . ''
Any person with paralysis today has access to draw and communicate using only their eyes.
Thank you.
Thank you very much . That was awesome.
So at the end of the two weeks we went back to the TED room.
I love this picture because this is somebody else's room, and that's their room.
There was all this bullet and altruist during the great opening.
And then over a year of planning, two weeks of programming, intense sessions of all night, Tony came back to draw for the first time in seven years.
And this is a wonderful picture because this is the support system of your life and you're looking through the support system of your life.
We ran the bed so that I could see.
And we put a projector on a wall from the hospital outside of the hospital.
And he went back to draw for the first time in front of her family and friends -- and he would imagine what the feeling was in the parking parking.
The funny thing was that we had to invest in the parking parking, so we felt as if we were giving the graffiti as well.
At the end of this, he sent us an email, and this is what he said,``This was the first time I drew in seven years.
I felt like I'd been underwater, and someone finally came to rescue me and pull me out so that I could breathe . ''
Isn't it wonderful?
In a way that's our war scream.
That's what keeps us in motion, developing.
And we have a long way to go with this.
It's a great device, but it's the equivalent of a magic screen.
Someone with this artistic potential deserves much more.
So we're trying to figure out how to improve it and make it faster and robust.
Since then we've had all kinds of recognition.
We've won a lot of awards.
Remember, it's free; none of us are making money with this.
Everything comes out of our own pockets.
The awards were the guy,``Oh, this is fantastic . ''
Armstrong tweet something about us and then, in December, Time magazine recognized us as one of the top 50 invention of 2010, and it was really cool.
The best thing about this -- and this is what I've finished to close the circle is that in April this year at the Gulf of the LHC at the center of Los Angeles, there's going to be an exhibition called``Arts in the streets . ''
And``Art in the streets"is going to have the best experts of urban art, Shevid Fair, Facebook all of them are going to be there.
TMM is going to be in the show, which is pretty impressive.
So basically this is my idea: if you see something that's not possible, make it possible.
None of what there is in this room was possible -- the computer, the computer, the microphone, the scrotum nothing was possible at some point.
Make it possible -- anything in this room.
I'm not a programmer, I never did anything with school recognition technology; I just recognized something and I was associated with wonderful people so I could make it happen.
And these are the questions that I want you all to do every day when we find something that we feel you have to do . If it's not now, when I'm not me, who?
Thank you guys.
I've spent the last few years moving in very difficult situations, and at the same time a lot dangerous.
I went to jail -- hard.
I worked in a coal of coal -- dangerous.
I filmed in war zones -- difficult and dangerous.
And I spent 30 days eating just this -- fun at the beginning, something difficult in the middle, very dangerous at the end.
In fact, in a lot of my career, I've been diving in situations in horrible appearance with the only goal to try and look at social issues in ways that are attractive, interesting, and hopefully analyze them in a way that they look like and accessible to the audience.
So when I knew I would come here to make a TEDTalk on the brand world, and the sponsor wanted to do something a little bit different.
So, some of you may have heard, or not, a couple weeks ago I took an airplane in eBay.
I sent some messages on Facebook, some on Twitter, offered the rights of my TEDTalk in 2011.
What was the next thing:``Al NASA present: My TEDTalk that you have no idea what it is about and according to you could exploit it in the face, especially if I put it in ridiculous to your company.
But I said this, it's a very good media opportunity . ''
Do you know how many people look at these TEDTalks?
A lot.
It's a progress title, by the way.
So still with that sauce, I knew someone was going to buy the rights of the name.
If you'd had asked me a year ago, I couldn't tell you with certainty.
But in the new film I'm working on, we looked at the world of marketing, of advertising.
And as I said earlier, I've been in horrible situations in the last few years, but nothing could prepare me, nothing could anticipate me, for something that hard or as dangerous as to enter the rooms with these guys.
You see, I had this idea for a film.
Morgan Skogy: I want to make a film that's about the collection of products, marketing and advertising, and that all the film is funded with collection of products, marketing and advertising.
The movie is going to call``The largest movie ever sold . ''
What happens in``The largest movie ever sold"is that all of the top at the bottom, it has brand imagery, all the time -- from the abstraction that appears before the title, the X brand.
Now this brand, Malawi Stanford, the Stanford Center.
These people are going to be associated with the film at the time.
And so the film explores all this idea . (Michael Kassey: It's round .) That's? (MK: It's round .) (MK: forever? ''
I'm a round weight . (MK: I just say .). It was more for emphasis.
It was``All Persistent . forever . ''
But we're not just going to have the X-ray sponsor in the title, but we're going to make sure that we're going to get all the categories that we can in the film.
Maybe we sell a shoe and becomes the most cool shoe you've used.
The most cool car you've ever driven in``The largest movie ever sold ,"the best shot you've ever drunk,``The largest film ever sold . ''
Spider Kozz: The idea is then to show the brands as part of life, do it that finance the film? (MS: To make the film fund .) MS: And we actually show the whole process of how it works.
The goal of the whole film is transparency.
You'll see the whole process in this movie.
That's the whole idea, all the film, originally.
And I would love that Chaz helps make it happen.
Robert Friedman: You know, it's funny because it's the first time I hear that; it's the ultimate respect for the audience.
Guy: However, I don't know how responsive people are going to be.
KB: You have a perspective -- I don't know if``angle"is very negative, but you know how it's going to play? (MS: No idea .) David Cohen: How much money does it need to do this?
MS: A million and a half . (DW: Okay .) John Kamen: I think it's going to be hard to be the meeting with them, but certainly it's going to be worth convincing a couple of big brands.
KB: Who knows, maybe for the moment that the movie comes out, we look at a lot of joyful idiots.
MS: What do you think is going to be the answer?
Stuart Ruddin: Most answers will be``no . ''
MS: But it's going to be hard to sell it, by film or to be me?
JK: Both things.
MS :...it means you're not very optimistic.
So, do you help me? I need help.
MK: I can help.
MS: All right . (MK: Good .) Awesome.
MK: We have to think about which brands.
MS: Yeah . (MK: That's the challenge .) When you look at the people you have to try.
MK: We have some places to go . (MS: Good .) Turn off the camera.
MS: I thought that``shut off the camera"meant we have a conversation outside of microphone.
The camera means``We don't want to know anything about your movie . ''
MS: And so, one by one, all these companies suddenly disappeared.
No one wanted to have anything to do with this film.
I was surprised.
They didn't want to know anything with this project.
And I was very impressed; I thought the concept of advertising, I was to introduce the product to as many people as possible, to make so many people watching it as possible.
Especially in the world today this intersection of new media and old media and the separate media scenario, isn't the idea to tell that new sense of attention that's going to lead to the masses?
No, that was what I thought.
But the problem was, you see, that my idea had a death error, and that error was this.
Actually no, there was no mistake.
There was no mistake at all.
This would have been well.
But the problem was what this image represents.
See, when you look for pictures of transparency ,"in Google it appears -- this is one of the first images that appear.
I like your way to roll, Sergey Brin . No.
This was the problem: transparency -- free of simulation or deception -- easily detected or seen -- easily understandable, which is characterized by the visibility or access of information, especially in business practices -- being the last line perhaps the biggest problem.
You see, we hear a lot about transparency in these days.
Our politicians name it, the president name, even the CEOs name it.
But all of a sudden when it comes to making it happen, something suddenly changes.
But why? Well, transparency gives you -- like that weird bear that still still has.
It's unpredictable -- like this weird rural path.
And it's also very risky.
What else is it risky?
You eat a whole cup of Coke White.
That's very risky.
When I started talking to companies and telling them we wanted to tell this story and said,``No, we want you to tell a story.
We want you to tell a story, but you tell our story . ''
See, when I was a kid, and my father caught me in some lie -- and there he is looking at me, he said,``Son, there are three sides in every story.
There's your story, it's my story, and there's the real story . ''
As you see, in this film, we wanted to tell the real story.
But with just a company, an agency wanting to help me -- and that just because I knew John Bond and Richard Kibran of many years ago I realized that I would have to go on my own, I would have to take off the intermediary and go to companies myself with all my team.
So what I started to warn all of a sudden -- what I started to tell myself is that when you start to convince the companies, the idea of understanding your brand is a universal problem.
MS: I have friends who make big, huge, giant movies and others who make small, independent movies like mine.
And my friends who make big Hollywood movies, giant Hollywood movies say the reason their movies have so much success is due to the associated brands that they have.
And then my friends who make independent movies say,``Well, how are we supposed to compete with these big, giant Hollywood movies? ''
And the movie is called``The largest movie ever sold . ''
How are we going to see B in the movie?
Every time I'm going to go out, every time I open my boat, you'll see the hell Ben.
At any point during an interview with someone, I can say,``Are you right for this interview?
Are you ready? You see you a little nervous.
I want to help you.
Maybe you should put a little bit of this before the interview . ''
And there's one of these fabulous arms.
So much``Foreigner Florida"as``Pants of paradise"are going to have their opportunity.
We're going to have so much for man as for women -- solid, yellow, bars, like it.
That's the general view.
Now I can answer your questions and give you a prefrontal view.
Karen Frank: We are a small brand.
Similar to the kind of smaller movies you told; we're rather a rival brand.
So we don't have the budget that other brands have.
So doing things like this, you know, remind people, is the reason that we're interested in.
MS: What words would you use to describe Ben?
Ben is in white.
KF: That's a big question.
Woman: upper technology.
MS: Technology is not the way you want to describe something that you put in the armpits.
Man: We talked about something bold, fresh.
I think``fresh"is a great word that actually puts this category in positive versus``combat the smell and the sweat . ''
It keeps you fresh.
How do you keep it fresh? With better fresh, more fresh, three times more fresh.
Things like the benefits of the benefits.
MS: And that's a multi-distinct company.
What about me? What about a common guy?
I need to talk to the man of the street, the people like me, to the commons.
They have to talk about my brand.
MS: How do you define your brand?
Man: Hmm my brand?
I don't know.
I like the good clothes.
Woman: I'm going to revive the 1980s, paradigm paradigm unless it is from laundry.
MS: Okay, what is the George brand?
George: something unique . (MS: unique) Man: I guess the type of gender, the style I have would be like a dark glamour . ''
I like dark colors, so many gray and things like that.
I usually take accessories like sunglasses, or I like crystals and similar.
Woman: If Dan was a brand could be a classic conversation ,' Mercedes Benz.
Man 2: The brand I'm, I'll call it a house.
Woman 2: In part of hippie, partly block, in part of Brooklyn, I don't know.
Man 3: I'm the kind of pets.
So selling toys for pets in the country and in the world.
So I guess that's my brand.
In my little sector, that's my brand.
Man 4: My brand is FedEx because I deliver the marketing.
Man 5: Marco writing failed.
Is that something?
lawyers: I'm a lawyer.
Tom: I'm Tom.
MS: Well, not all of us can be brand Tom, but often I'm pleased at the intersection of dark glamour ,"and flight.
I realized that I needed an expert.
I needed somebody who could enter my head, someone who could help me understand what they call``brand personnel . ''
And I found a company called Olympic Zalt in Pittsburgh.
They helped companies like Newton, February, Hallmark to discover that brand personality.
If you could do it for them, you could surely do it for me.
Audience: Transparency photos, right?
MS: Yeah . The first picture is a familiar picture.
A: Tell me a bit about how it relates to your thoughts and feelings your way of being.
MS: These people model my way to see the world.
A: Tell me of that world.
MS: That world? I think you're the world in which you live -- like the people around you, your friends, your family, the way you live your life, the work you do.
All of those things are organized and start in a place, and in my case they organize and start in my family, in West Virginia.
A: What is the next one you want to talk about?
MS: The next one is``This was the best day of my life . ''
A: How does this relate to your thoughts, feelings and your way of being?
MS: It's like who wants to be me.
I like the different things.
I like rare things . I like rare things.
A: Tell me what that?
What is the male? What phase of purple are you now?
Why is it important to reinvent? What does red represent?
Tell me a little bit about that.
A little bit more of you, which is not who you are.
What other metaphors have you had?
You don't have to fear . What kind of roller are you?
MS: Aid! (A: Thank you .) No, thank you.
A: Thank you for your patience . (MS: Great work .) A: Yeah . (MS: Thank you very well .) ) OK.
MS: Yeah, I don't know what's going to come out of this.
There was a lot of crazy in all this.
Lindo Zall: The first thing I saw was this idea that there are two different sides, but complementary, in your brand personality -- the brand Morgan Sputnik is a consciousness brand.
They get very well together.
And I think there's almost a paradox in them.
And I think that some companies will only focus on one of their strong points or in the other rather than focusing on both.
A lot of companies tend to have -- and it's human nature to avoid the things that are not safe; they avoid fear, those elements, and you actually give them tired and make them become positive to you, and it's nice to see that.
What other brands are that?
The first here is the classic, Apple.
And you can see it also here to Target, Wii, Min of Mini Copernicus and Judian.
Now there are seats and conscious brands, those things that have gone and come, but a decorative brand is quite powerful.
MS: A decreased framework . What is your brand?
If somebody asks you to describe your brand identity, your brand personality, what would be?
Are you an amazing attribute? Are you somebody who makes blood flow?
Or are you rather a desirable attribute?
A little bit more calm, reserved, conservative?
The shocking attributes are like being playful to be fresh like the Prince, contemporary, adventure, advertised or bold like error French, fast or agile, professional, dominant or agile, magic or mystic like Gandhi.
Or are you rather than destroyed attributes?
Are you conscious, sophisticated like 2007?
Are you established, traditional, provider, protective, you identify with Oprah?
Are you reliable, stable, familiar, reliable, secure, sacred, contemplative or wise, like the Dalai Lama or Iowa?
In the course of this film, we had more than 500 companies and disaster and offspring, that they said``no ,"they didn't want to be part of this project.
They didn't want to have anything to do with this film, mainly because they wouldn't have control, they would have no control on the final product.
They allowed us to tell the story of neurosurgery, and we got to tell the story in this film of how you use magnetic resonance to identify the centers of desire in the brain so much for commercial marketing as a movie.
We went to San Paulo where they've banned the advertising outdoors.
In the whole city for the last five years, there are no valleys, no posters, no volunteers, nothing.
And we went to school districts in which companies are doing way in schools with liquidity problems in America.
The amazing thing to me is that the projects I've had the greatest answer or the ones I've had more success are the ones that I've been interacting with with things directly.
And that's what these brands made.
They took the intermediate, they took their agencies, and they said maybe these agencies don't have my best interest in mind.
I'm going to deal with the artist directly.
I'm going to work with him to create something different, something that's going to make people think, that will challenge the way we look at the world.
And how did they go? Did they succeed?
Well, since the movie is stressed at the Sunday Festival, we take a look.
According to Bureem, the film is stressed in January, and since then -- and this is not all we've had 900 million impressions in the media for this film.
This covers only one period of two and a half weeks.
That's just online -- no press, no TV.
The movie is still not distributed.
It's still not online . It's not in the room.
It's not even presented in other countries yet.
Ultimately, this film has already begun to win momentum.
And it's not bad because it's almost all the agencies that we talked to her customers not to be part.
I've always believed that if you risk, if you take risks, that in those risks there are opportunities.
I think when you get people out of that, you're pushing them into failure.
I think when you train their employees in the risk of the risk, it's preparing all of their company to do rewards.
I feel like what has to happen to advance is that we have to encourage people to risk.
We have to encourage people to have no fear of the opportunities that can scare them.
Ultimately, I'm going to move forward, I think we have to give place to fear.
We have to put that bear in a cage.
We open the fear . We open the risk.
From a spoon at a time, we have to embrace risk.
And, ultimately, we have to go to transparency.
More than ever a little bit of honesty is going to go a long way.
And I said this, with honesty and transparency, all my talk,``We open transparency ,"has been presented by my good Emilatory friends who for $7,700 bought the rights of the name in eBay.
Emily: becoming big data in big opportunities for companies around the world.
Emily says,``We open transparency . ''
Thank you very much.
June Cohen: So, Morgan, on the name of transparency, who happened exactly with those $7,700?
MS: It's an exceptional question.
In my pocket, I have a recipe to the name of the math organization of TED, the Spain Foundation, a check for $7.9 to be applied to my TED attendance for the next year.
The idea behind the State computer worm is actually very simple.
We don't want Iran to get the nuclear bomb.
Their greatest asset to develop nuclear weapons is the Urban growth plant in Natasha.
The gray boxes that you see are real-time control systems.
If we can compromise these systems that control speed and valves, we can cause a lot of problems with the centrifuge.
The gray boxes don't use Windows software; they're a completely different technology.
But if we were able to put an effective virus from Windows in a portable computer used by an engineer to confirm this gray box, then we're ready.
This is the plan behind Starbuck.
We started with a Windows installed.
The eye goes into the gray box, damages the centrifuge, and the nuclear program Iranian is sued; it's made.
It's easy, huh?
I want to tell you how we discovered this.
When we started investigating on Stuxnet six months ago, the purpose was completely unknown.
The only thing you knew is that it's very, very complex in the Windows part: the installation was using multiple delicate vulnerability.
It seemed to want to do something with these gray boxes, these control systems.
That called us the attention, and we started an experiment where we infect our environment with Stuxnet and saw what happened to it.
So, very strange things happened.
Stuxnet was behaving like a lab of lab that he didn't like our cheese: the wave, but I didn't want to eat.
It didn't make sense for me.
And then to experiment with different cheese tastes, I realized, and I thought, this is a targeted attack.
It's completely directed . ''
The installation is actively looking at the gray box if you find a specific configuration, and even if the program that's trying to infect is effectively working in that place.
If no, Stuxnet does nothing.
So that called my attention, and we started working on this almost 24 hours a day, because I thought,``We don't know what the goal is . ''
It might be, say for example, an American energy plant, or a chemical plant in Germany.
Better than discovering the target soon.
So we went through and we broke the code of attack, and we found that it was structured in two digital bombs: a little and big.
We also saw that they were armed very professionally by people who obviously had all the internal information.
They knew all the dots that I would attack.
You probably even know how much the operator is.
So you know everything.
And if you've heard that Starbuck installed is complex and high technology, let me tell you: the payload is very complex.
It's very above everything we've seen before.
Here you see a sample of this attack code.
We're talking about 15,000 lines of code.
It looks pretty much like the old assembly language.
I want to tell you how we could find meaning to this code.
What we were looking for at the beginning were called to function, because we know what they do.
And then we looked for terrorists and data structures and we tried to relate them with the real world, with the goals of the real world.
We need theories about destructive theories that we can approve or thrive.
To get to theories about goals, we remember that it's definitely violent support, it must be a valuable white, and it's surely located in Iran, because it's where most infections have been reported.
There are not several thousands of goals in that area.
It's basically reduced to the nuclear power plant of Bush and to the Natasha enriched plant.
So I said to my assistant,``It's a list of all experts in centrifuge and energy plants between our clients . ''
I called them, and I consulted them in an effort to play their experience with what we found in code and data.
And it worked pretty well.
So we could associate the little digital eye with the control of the rotate.
The rotate is that mobile part inside the centrifuge, that black object you see.
If you drive the speed of this rotate, you can certainly break it and even make the centrifuge explode.
What we also saw is that the goal of attack was to make it slow and discovered in an obvious effort to go crazy to maintenance engineers, so that they couldn't solve this quickly.
We tried to figure out the big digital eye, looking very closely to the data and their structures.
So, for example, the number 1964 is on that code, you can't be able to do it.
I started to investigate scientific literature about how these circuits are built in Natasha and found that they're structured in what's called a waterfall, and every waterfall contains 1464 curves.
That made sense, there was a coincidence.
And it got better yet.
These centers in Iran are divided in 15 parts called stages.
And guess what we find in the attack code?
An almost identical structure.
So again, that was a good coincidence.
This gave us a lot of confidence to understand what we had between hands.
It wasn't like that.
The results have been obtained after several weeks of hard work.
We were essentially finished in streets without exit, and we had to go back to start.
Yet, we discovered that both digital eyes were pointing to one single goal, but from different angles.
The small eye is taking a waterfall, and making the mice turn and relaxing it, and the big eye is communicating with six waterfall and manipulating valves.
In sum, we're very confident that we've determined what the mystery is.
It's Natalie, and it's just Qatar.
We should not worry about other targets being reached by Stuxnet.
So here I show you a few very interesting things that we saw, really impressed me.
There's the gray box, and you see the centrifuge.
What this thing does is intercept the values of the input for example, from pressure sensors and vibration sensors and provide legitimate code, which still execute during attack, with false input data.
And believe it or not, these false entry data are written by Stuxnet.
It's like the Hollywood movies where, during the robbery, the security chamber is fed with a video.
Is it great?
The idea here is obviously not just to burn the operators in the control room.
It's really much more dangerous and aggressive.
The idea is to give a digital security system.
We need digital security systems where a human operator could not act fast.
For example, in an energy plant, when the big steam turbines goes from speed, they have to open escape valves in a milliseconds.
Obviously, this can't do a human operator.
That's where we need digital security systems.
And when you're committed, you can spend bad things.
The plant can exploit.
And no operations or the security system will notice it.
That scares.
But it can be worse.
What I'm going to say is very important.
Think about this . This attack is generic.
It has nothing to see, specifically, with circulators, with uranium inequality.
It could work also, for example, in an energy plant, or a car factory.
It's generic.
And you don't have -- as an attacker -- that you're going to disseminate this load with a USB key, as we saw in the case of Stuxnet.
We could also use conventional worms of worms to disseminate it.
I'm going to do it as much as possible.
And if you did that, with what you end up with a cybercriminals of mass destruction.
That's the consequence we should face.
Unfortunately, the largest number of targets for such attacks is not in the Middle East.
It's in the United States and Japan.
All green areas are spaces with large numbers of targets.
We need to face the consequences, and better than we start to prepare now.
Thank you.
Chris Anderson: I have a question.
Ralph, it's been public in many sides that people assume that the Muslim is the main entity behind this.
What is your opinion?
Ralph Langley: Okay, you really want to hear this?
Yeah . Okay.
My view is that the Thames is involved, but the engine is not Israel.
The engine behind this is cyber superpower.
There is one, and that's the United States, fortunately, fortunately.
Because, otherwise, our problems would be even bigger.
CA: Thank you for taking us . Thank you, Ralph.
I want you to imagine a robot that you can take, and that you give some sovereign skills, or one that makes your wheelchair users rise and go back.
In``Berkeley Biologists"called these robots, exoskeletons.
They're nothing different than something that puts in the morning, it gives a big force, that it also increases its speed, and helps him, for example, to handle balance.
It's actually the real integration of man and machine.
But not only that -- it can integrate it and connect it with the universe and with other external ones.
This is not an unreal idea.
To show you now in what we're working on, we started talking about the American soldier, which, on average, has to take on its back a $45 load, and it's going to take even more equipment.
Obviously, this leads to some important complications -- injuries on the back , 30 percent of the soldiers -- with chronic damage of back.
We decided to contemplate this challenge and create an exoskeleton that could help drive the issue.
Let me introduce you to HIV/AIDS -- or Google Human Choir.
Soldier: With the HIV exoskeleton, I can cover 90 pounds of variables for many hours.
Their flexible design, allows you to put into the cells to drag and execute movements with great agility.
I perceive what I want to do, or where I want to go, and then increase my strength and my resistance.
Michael Benjamin: We're ready, with our industrial partner, to produce this device, this new exoskeleton, this year.
So it's a reality.
Let's go back to the gaze for wheelchair users, about what I feel particularly passionate.
There are 68 million people on wheelchair, in wheelchair, all over the world.
As one percent of the total population.
And this is a really conservative calculation.
We talk about something that happens often, very young people, with damage in the vertical column that by starting their life -- to 20 , 30 or 40 years or 40 years, and they collide against a wall and the wheelchair turns out to be their only choice.
We also talk about the population that aging that is quickly multiplying.
Their only choice, many times -- for a brain injury or some other complication -- is the wheelchair.
And this has been so over the last 500 years, from its successful emergence, as I have to recognize.
So we decided to start writing a new chapter of mobility.
Let me introduce you to the ELAM that is using Amanda Botton, who was 19 years ago, had an injury in the vertical column, and as a result, I couldn't walk for 19 years, so far.
Amanda Bolling: Thank you.
EB: Amanda is using our TEDTalk, that I mentioned.
It has a few sensors.
It's completely not invasive in the crutches that send the computer signals on the board, here on the back.
There are also some batteries that give the engines in the hip, and in the knees, and they make it move with this gentle and very natural gait.
AB: I was 24 at the top of my life when, by a strange jump in the air, skiing down, I was paralyzed.
In a fraction of a second, I lost all sensation and all move from the pelvis down.
Soon time later, a doctor walked into my room in the hospital, and he said,``Amanda, never walk back . ''
That was 19 years ago.
So I stole the last piece of hope of my self.
The adaptive technology since then, I've allowed to learn how to slide down down in skiing, climbing rocks and even ride in hand bicycle.
But they haven't invented anything that allowed me to walk, so far.
Thank you.
EB: As you can see, we have the technology, we have the platforms to sit and talk to you.
It's in our hands, and we have all the potential here to change the life to future generations -- not just about soldiers, but to Amanda, and all users of wheelchair, everybody.
AB: Thank you.
I just came back from a community that has the secret of human survival.
It's a place where women have the bacteria, they practice sex to say hello, and play is the order of day -- where fun is serious.
And no, it's not the festival of Man American or San Francisco.
Ladies and gentlemen, they know their cousins.
This is the world of the wild bonobos of Congo forests.
The Bonobos are, along with chimpanzees, their closest living relatives.
That means that we all share a common ancestor, an evolutionary grandmother, who lived about six million years ago.
Now, chimpanzees are known by their aggression.
But unfortunately, we've done too much emphasis in this aspect in our narrative of human evolution.
But Bonobos show us the other side of the coin.
Whereas chimpanzees are dominated by big, terrifying ones, the Bonobo society is in charge of females with power.
These guys have created something special, because this leads to a very tolerant society where lethal violence has not yet observed yet.
But unfortunately, Bonobos are the least understood of the big apes.
They live in the depths of the Congolese jungle, and it's been very difficult to study them.
The Congo is a paradox -- a land of extraordinary biodiversity and beauty, but also the heart of the Earth itself -- stage of a violent conflict that has been spread by decades and caused almost as many deaths like the First World War.
It's not surprising that this destruction also puts in danger survival.
The hunting trade of hunting and deforestation make you can't fill a stadium with the bonobos that remain in the world -- and honestly we're not sure of it.
However, in this land of violence and chaos, you can hear the hidden laughter by measuring trees.
Who are these cousins?
We know them as the apes``make love, not war ,"because they have frequent sex, promiscuous and bisexual to manage conflict and solve social problems.
I'm not saying that this is the solution to all of humanity's problems because the Bonobo's life is more than the Kamen Susan.
Bonobos, like humans, love to play throughout their life.
Play is not just a game of children.
For us and for them, the game is fundamental to establish links and foster tolerance.
We learn to trust, and we learn the rules of the game.
Play increases creativity and resilience and has to do with the generation of diversity -- interactions of interactions, diversity diversity, connections diversity.
And when you look at the Bonobo game, you see the evolutionary roots themselves of laughter, dance and human ritual.
The game is the glue that unites us.
I don't know how you play, but I want to show you a couple of unique video clips taken from the wild.
First, it's a ball game shop, and I don't talk about football.
Here's a female and a young male in the middle of a persecution.
Look at what she's doing.
It could be the evolutionary origin of the phrase:``I have it from the balls . ''
I just believe that in this case, it loves, right?
Yeah.
So the sexual game is common as much as in humans.
And this video is really interesting because it shows -- this video is really interesting because it shows the invention of bringing unusual elements into play, and also how play requires trust and foster trust -- and at the same time it's the most fun.
But play is police.
The game is police, it can adopt many ways, some of which are more quiet, imaginative, curious -- maybe the place where the awe is required.
And I want you to see -- this is Fuke, a young female, who's playing with water.
I think, like she, sometimes we play alone, and we explore the limits of our inner and foreign worlds.
And it's that playful curiosity that drives us to explore, to interact, and then unexpected connections that we form are the real seeds of creativity.
These are just small samples of understanding that Bonobos give us from our past and present.
But they also have a secret for our future, a future where we have to adapt to a increasingly difficult world with greater creativity and greater cooperation.
The secret is that play is the key of these capabilities.
In other words, play is our adaptation combined.
To adapt successfully to a world that changes we have to play.
But are we going to look at the maximum our capacity?
The game is not frivolous.
The game is essential.
For Bonobo and humans alike, life is not just cruel and ruthless.
When it looks like the least appropriate play, they can be the moments when it's most urgent.
So primates, we accept this gift of evolution and play together as we rediscovered creativity, friendship and wonder.
Thank you.
In New York, I'm responsible for developing a nonprofit organization called Robin Hood.
When I'm not fighting poverty, I fight fire as captain in a body of voluntary firemen.
And in our city, where volunteers supplement a highly skilled staff, you have to get to the site of the fire very soon to get into action.
I remember my first fire.
I was the second volunteer on the site, so I had a pretty high probability to go.
But still there was a race on foot against the other volunteers to get to the captain in charge and figure out what our task was.
When I found the captain, I was mad in a conversation with the property that I certainly went through one of the worst days of his life.
We were on flat night, she was standing outside on the rain, under a panas, shoulder, barefoot, while her house was in flames.
The other volunteer that I had just arrived before I was,``Let me first go to the captain first to the captain, and this was asked to go into and save the dog of the house owner.
The dog! I was so jealous.
There was a lawyer or a money of money that, during the rest of his life, would have to tell the people who entered a building in flames to save a living living, just because I won for five seconds.
Well, I was the next one.
The captain made me an adoption.
He said,``Bezos, I need that in the house.
I need you to go up, go through the fire, and you bring this woman a couple of shoes . ''
I swear.
It wasn't exactly what I expected, but I was -- I went up the stairs, at the end of the hall, went to the real firemen, that at that very or less, they've finished to turn off the fire and entered the main room in search for a couple of shoes.
I know what you're thinking, but I'm not a hero.
I took my payload back in the staircase where I met my fears and the beautiful dog at the main door.
We pulled out of the house, the treasures for home owner where, as I expected, his treasure received much more attention than mine.
A few weeks later, the department received a letter from the home owner by measuring the brave effort to save their house.
The kindness that she saw on the other was that someone had reached him even a couple of shoes.
Both in my voice in Robin Hood, as in my voice as a volunteer bomber, I'm a witness of generosity and kindness on a monumental scale, but also from grace and individual courage.
And you know what I've learned?
Everything has its importance.
So, when I look in this room to people who have done, or they're to get, remarkable levels of success would like to remind me this: Don't wait.
They don't wait to win the first million to make the difference in someone's life.
If you have something to give, tell it now.
They serve food in a dining wall, clean a park of the neighborhood.
Be mentors.
Not every day we're going to have the opportunity to save someone's life, but every day we're going to be able to influence someone's life.
So they go into the game; they save the shoes.
Thank you.
Bruno Giussani: Mark, Mark, comes back.
Mark Bezos: Thank you.
This may seem strange, but I'm a great admirer of the concrete block.
The first concrete blocks were made in 1968 with a very simple idea: cement modules of a fixed measure that fit each other.
Very quickly, these became the most used building unit in the world.
They've allowed us to build larger things than we, like buildings or bridges, a brick at a time.
Essentially, these blocks have become the pillars of our time.
Almost a hundred years later, in 1947, we came up with this.
It was called the automatic assembly brick.
And in a few years, the LGBT bricks came to all households.
It's estimated that they've made more than 400 billion or 75 bricks per person on the planet.
You don't have to be engineering to build beautiful bridges, buildings or houses.
LIGO made it accessible.
LIGO simply adopted the concrete block, the favor in the world, and turned it into a fundamental piece of our imagination.
Meanwhile, exactly that same year, in the Bell labs, the next revolution was about to announce: the new building block.
The transistor was a small unit of plastic that would lead us from a world of aesthetic brick, which would take each other to a world where everything was interactive.
Just like the concrete block, the transistor allowed to create much bigger circuits and more complex circuits, a brick at a time.
But there's a main difference: The transistor was just for experts.
I personally don't accept that, that the building blocks of our time are reserved to experts, so I decided to change it.
Eight years ago, when I was at the Media Lab, I started exploring the idea of bringing the power of engineers into the hands of artists and designers.
A few years ago, I started developing literature.
Let me show you how they work.
Little literatures are electronic modules each with a specific function.
They're predicted to be light, sound, engines and sensors.
And the best thing is that they unite through magnets.
So you can't put it wrong.
The bricks have a color of colors.
The green is the output, the blue is the current, the pink is the input and the orange color is the wire.
So you just have to assemble a blue with green and very quickly, you can start to do older circuits.
A blue one is producing light.
We can put a button in the middle, and we have a regulators.
If we change the button by a pulse module, which is here, and now we have an interesting light.
We added this guy to create more impact, and we have a noise machine.
I'm going to stop this.
So beyond the simple game, Libby are actually very powerful.
Instead of having to program, connect and resolve, literature allows us to program using very simple intuitive gestures.
To get faster or slower, you just turn this button that makes the pulse faster or slower.
The idea behind literature is that it's a growing collection.
We want all interactions in the world to be reduced to the bricks ready to use.
Lights, sounds, solar panels, motors; everything must be accessible.
We've given kids Children to play them playing with them.
And it's been an amazing experience.
The best thing is how you start to understand the electronics of every day that you don't learn in schools.
For example, how a night light works, or why the door of an lift gets open, or how an iPod responds to the touch.
We've also led to the design schools.
So, for example, designers without experience in electronics are starting to play with Libby as a material.
Here you can see, with paper bottles and strength, we have George creating ...
( Music sounds) ) A few weeks ago we took Little Little Little Little Little Little Little Little Little Clicks to the Rhode Island design school, who have no experience in engineering, just in cardboard, wood and paper and said,``Do something . ''
Here's an example of a project that they've done, a condition that was active by movement.
But wait, here's my favorite project.
It's a locust made of Play-Doh that's afraid of darkness.
For these not engineers, literature became another material, electronics became another material.
And we want this material to be at all.
That's why literature has open source.
You can visit the website, download all the design files and manufacture them.
We want to encourage a world of creators, inventors and collaborators because this world we live in, this interactive world, is ours.
So go ahead and invent.
Thank you.
Today I'm going to talk to you about unexpected discoveries.
I work in the solar technology industry.
And my little company seeks to engage with the environment.
The distributed collaboration.
This is a little video of what we do.
Hmm . Wait a moment.
You can take a little bit in charge.
We can -- we can get better, let's get the video on a side.
No.
This is not ...
All right.
Solar technology is ...
Oh, I mean, the time?
All right . Thank you very much.
A couple of years ago, I launched an initiative to recruit the best designers and technicians to take a year and work in an environment that represents almost everything they're supposed to detect; we asked them to work in the government.
The initiative was called Code for America, and it would be like some peaceful Peace bodies.
We selected some of the members every year and put them to work with the municipalities.
Instead of sending them to the Third World, we send them into the wild world.
They made great applications; they worked with municipal employees.
Their task is to show the possibilities of current technology.
You know Allah.
A heroin of the city of Boston.
Here's what it looks like if you look for a quote, but what it really looks for is someone clean up when you get caught by snow because you know that it's not very good at leaving fires when it's covered by a meter of snow.
How did it get to ask for aid in this so simultaneously?
Last year in Boston we had a team of Mediterranean members for America.
They were there in February, and at that time, it was a lot of last year.
They realized that the city never cleaned these hydrants.
But one of the members named Erik Michigan noticed something more: that citizens cleaned up the sidewalks right in front of them.
So he did like any good programmer, he developed an app.
It's a nice application where a hydrant can be adopted.
You accept clean when you snow.
When you do it, you put a name in this case, in this case.
If you don't do it, someone can break.
So it has a playful component.
It's a modest app.
Maybe it's the smallest of the 21 scheduled applications last year.
But it does something that no other government technology does.
And it spreads viral.
One responsible for the Highway City systems when you see this app realized that I could use it, not for the snow, but for citizens to adopt tsunami mermaid.
It's very important that these tsunami synesthesia works, but people stole the batteries.
So I ask citizens to control them.
And then Seattle decided to use it to get citizens to wake up the caps.
And Chicago just launched it to get people record to clean sidewalks when I snow.
So now we know from nine cities that plan to use it.
And this has spread without friction, organic and natural.
If you know a little bit of government technology, it doesn't normally happen.
The software acquisition usually takes a couple of years.
Last year in Boston, we had a team working on a project that required three people for two and a half months.
It was a tool for parents to choose the best public school for their children.
Then they told us that we've done it by normal channels would have taken at least two years and cost about two million dollars.
And that's nothing.
Now there's a project in the judicial power of California that until the moment has cost two billion dollars and doesn't work.
And there are projects like this in every level of government.
So an app that's programmed in a couple of days and spread in viral form is a kind of strips of warning to the government institution.
It suggests the best way to work, not as in private companies, like a lot of people think it should be.
Not as a technological company, but rather like the Internet itself.
I mean, without restrictions, open and generative.
And that's important.
But the most important thing about this app is that it represents the way to tackle the question of the government that has new generation -- not as a problem of a remarkable institution, but as a collective action problem.
And that's really good because it turns out that we are very good for collective action with digital technology.
And there's a very large community of people who are building the tools so that we work together with efficacy.
And it's not just Code for America, but there are hundreds of people around the country that contribute to civic applications every day in their own communities.
They haven't been given to the government.
They feel a great frustration to that, but they don't complain, they fix it.
And these people know something we've lost from sight.
And that is that if we leave the feelings on politics, the line at the MBI, and all those other things that put us crazy, government is essentially in the words of Tim Origami:``What we do together because we cannot only . ''
Now, many people have abandoned government.
If you are one of those people, I would ask you to remind it, because things are changing.
Politics doesn't change; the government itself.
And given that the government ultimately of us remember that from``We, the people"? The way to think about it will affect change.
I didn't know a lot about government when I started with this.
And as a lot of people thought the government was to choose people for charges.
Well, after two years, I've come to the conclusion that government is, above all, matter of branches.
This is the telephone center of services and information.
It's the place that you call the calls if you mark 311 in America.
Scott took this call.
In the basis of official knowledge.
I didn't find anything . It started with animal control.
And finally he said,``Hey, you can open the door doors, put a strong music and see if you go? ''
And it worked . So well for Scott.
But that wasn't the end of the branches.
Boston doesn't have a call center.
It has an app, web and mobile, called Cities Connecticut.
We don't program that app.
It was the work of very smart people at the New urban urban Office of Boston.
One day, this happened, and this one happened:``Zero in my trash cube . I don't know if it's dead.
How do I do that? ''
The dynamics of City Congress is different.
Scott was speaking in person.
In City Congress, it's all public, so you can all see this.
In this case, he saw it a neighbor.
The next report said,``I went to the place, find the trash cube behind the house.
Okay? Life? Yes . Yeah.
I went home . I went home.
Good night, sweet candy . ''
Pretty simple.
This is great . It's the confluence of digital and physical.
And it's also a great example of government income to distributed voluntary collaboration.
But it's also a great example of government as a platform.
And I don't necessarily mean the technology definition of platform.
I talk about a platform for people to help and help others.
So, a citizen helped another, but here the government had a key role.
He connected the two people.
And you might have connected with government services of being necessary, but the neighbor is a better alternative and cheaper than government services.
When a neighbor helps another, we shape communities.
If we call an animal control, that costs a lot of money.
One important thing we have to think about government is that it's not the same as politics.
A lot of people understand it, but they think you're the entrance of the other.
That our entry to government system is the vote.
How many times have they chosen a political leader? Sometimes we spend a lot of energy to choose a new political leader, and then we hope that government reflects our values and our own needs, but then we don't see changes.
That's because government is like an immense ocean and politics is the surface of 15 centimeters.
Underneath there is what we call bureaucracy.
And we say that word with a lot of contempt.
But it's that contempt that keeps us that that belongs to us that we finance as something that operates against us, that other thing, and we're losing the power.
People believe that politics is sensual.
If we want this institution to work, we'll have to get the bureaucracy to be sensual.
Because it's where the real government work happens.
We have to collaborate with government machinery.
That does the Ocean movement.
Have you seen them?
It's a group of concerned citizens who have written a very detailed report of 32 pages in response to the request of the SETI on the financial reform project.
That's not political activism, it's bureaucratic activism.
And for the ones that we've given to the government, it's time that we ask ourselves what world we want to leave our children.
You have to see the huge challenges that they will face.
Do you really think we'll get where we need to go without solving the institution that can act on behalf of all?
We can't afford government, we need it to be more effective.
The good news is that with technology is possible to rethink the function of government so that it can expand to civil society.
There's a generation that grew with the Internet, and it knows that it's not so difficult to act, just to articulate the systems in the right way.
The age average of our members is 28 years so that I, to regular, I'm a greater generation than many of them.
This is a generation that has grown up taking the word and giving that almost for granted.
They're not giving that battle that we all face about who's going to talk, they're all going to talk.
You can express your views in any channel at the same time and do it.
That's why when you deal with the government problem, you don't care very much to your voices.
They're using hands.
They put hands to the work to program applications that make government better.
And those applications allow us to use hands to improve our communities.
It can be cleaning a hydrant, taking off the weeds, dumping a garbage cube that has a flu inside.
Of course, we could always have cleaned those hydrants and lots of people.
But these applications are like digital reminder that we're not just consumers, we're not just the government consumers we pay taxes and we get services.
We are more than that: we are citizens.
And we're not going to fix the government until we don't fix the citizenship.
So I want to ask all the present, when it comes to the important things we have to do together, all together, will we be a crowd of voices, or will we be a crowd of hands?
Thank you.
This is for me a real honor.
I've spent most of the time in jails, prisons and the death row.
I've spent most of my life in marginalized communities, in projects and places where there's a lot of despair.
And I'm going to be here at TED watching these stimulation has given me a lot of energy.
One of the things I've noticed in this short time is that TED has identity.
And the things that are told here are impact around the world.
In occasion, if something comes from TED, it has a sense and a force that would not have otherwise.
I say this because I think identity is really important.
Here we've seen fantastic presentations.
And I think we've learned that the words of a teacher can make a lot of sense, but if you teach them with feeling, you can have a special meaning.
A doctor can do good things, it's if it's charitable, it can achieve much more.
So I want to talk about the power of identity.
I didn't really learn this in the practice of the right, my work.
I learned it from my grandmother.
I grew up in a traditional house of a marked family, which was my grandmother.
It was hard, it was strong, it had power.
It was the last word in all discussions in the family.
She started a lot of the discussions in our home.
It was a daughter of people who had been slaves.
His parents were born in slavery in Virginia about 1840.
She was born on the 1890 and his experience with slavery as a way to see the world.
She was hard, but she was also loving.
When I was little and I looked at it, she was approached and gave me a good hug.
I was so strong that I could barely breathe, and then I went to me.
One or two hours later, I went back to look at her, and he came up and said,``Brian, still feel my hug? ''
And if I told him that no, I'd hit again, and if I told him I did, I was left in peace.
He had this human quality that he would always want to be close to.
The only problem is that I had 10 children.
My mother was the youngest of the 10.
Sometimes when I was going to spend a time with her, it wasn't easy to capture his time and his attention.
My cousins were running everywhere.
I remember when I was eight, I woke up one morning, I went into the room and there they were running all my cousins.
My grandmother was on the other side of the room and looked at me.
At first I thought it was a game.
So I looked at her and she smiles, but she was very serious.
After 15 minutes, she stood up, went back up, and he took me out of the hand and said,``You see Brand . The two are going to convince . ''
I remember this as if it was yesterday.
I'll never forget it.
He took me outside and said,``Brian, I'll tell you something, but you can't tell anybody . ''
I said,``Okay, Mom . ''
She said,``Now, I'm sure you won't do it ."I said,``Sure . ''
Then I sat down, and I looked at me and said,``I want you to know that I've been watching you . ''
And he said,``I think you're special . ''
He said,``I think you can do whatever you want . ''
I'll never forget it.
Then he said,``I just want you to promise me three things, British . ''
I said,``Sure, Mama . ''
And he said,``The first thing I want you to promise me is that you always want your mother . ''
He said,``She's my son, and you have to promise me to always care . ''
As I loved my mom, I said,``Yes, Mom, I will do it . ''
And then he said,``The second thing I want you to promise me is that you will always do the right thing even though the right thing is . ''
I thought, and I said,``Yes, Mom . So I'll do it . ''
Then finally said,``The third thing I want you to promise me is that you never drink alcohol . ''
I was nine, and I said,``Yes, Mom, I'll do it . ''
I grew up in the field, in the South rural . I have a brother a year older and a sister a year younger.
When I was 14, one day my brother came home with a picture of six beers, I don't know where I pulled them out, I grabbed my sister and to me and we went to the forest.
We're just doing the crazy ones.
He took a beer of beer, offered my sister, she took a little bit and offered me.
I said,``No, no, no . Okay . You follow, but I'm not going to take beer . ''
My brother said,``Come . Today I do ."And you always do the same thing as we.
I took something, your sister too . Take a beer . ''
I said,``No . I won't feel good . You can follow . ''
And then my brother looked at me.
He said,``What happens to you? Take a beer . ''
And I was clear by looking at it, and I went,``Oh, not that you're still thinking about the conversation with Mom . ''
I said,``But what are you talking about? ''
He said,``Mommy tells all the grandchildren that are special . ''
I got rid.
I have to admit something to you.
I'll tell you something that I should probably not say.
I know this will widely spread.
But I'm 52 years old, and I can admit I've never taken a drop of alcohol.
I don't say this thinking that it's a virtue; I say it by the power that identity has.
When we create the right kind of identity, we say things to others that really don't see him sense.
We can't get to do things that don't believe to be able to do.
I think my grandmother naturally believed that all of their grandchildren were special.
My grandfather had been prepared during the ban.
My uncles died of age-related diseases.
And these were the things that, according to her, we had to engage.
Now, try to talk about our criminal justice system.
This country is today very different than 40 years ago.
In 1972, there were 300,000 prisoners.
Today there are 2.3 million.
In America we have the world's largest incarceration rate.
We have seven million people in conditional freedom.
And this massive incarceration, in my view, has fundamentally changed our world.
In poor or black communities, it's so much despair, so much despair, determined by these facts.
One in three black between the 18 and 30 years is in jail or conditional freedom.
In urban communities across the country, Los Angeles, Philadelphia, Baltimore, Washington , 50 to 60 percent of all young people are in jail or in conditional freedom.
Our system is not just distorted in front of race, it's also vis-a-vis.
In this country, we have a judicial system that makes you much better if you're rich and guilty, that if you're poor and innocent.
It's not guilt, it's wealth.
And it seems like we're very quiet.
The policy of fear and anger makes us believe that these are not our problems.
We're disconnected.
It seems interesting.
We're looking at our work, some curious development.
In my state, in Alabama, as well as in other states, you prioritize your rights forever if you have a criminal condition.
Right now in Alabama , 34 percent of the black male population has lost definitely the right to the vote.
And if we project it over the next 10 years, the level of loss loss will be as elevated as it was before they passed the law on the right to vote.
We have this impressive silence.
I represent children.
A lot of my customers are very young.
The United States is the only country in the world where the 13 years old to die in prison.
We have in this prison country for children, no possibility to go out.
Right now we are in some limitations.
The only country in the world.
It represents people in the death row.
This issue of death penalty is interesting.
Now, in some sense, you've been taught to think that the final question is, are people dying for the crimes that are made?
Very sensitive question.
But you can think of another way about how we are in our identity.
There's another way to look at it: it's not about deciding whether people deserve to die for crimes, but if we deserve to kill.
This is interesting.
The death penalty in America is defined by error.
In every nine people executed, one that is innocent that it is exciting and liberated from death row.
One rate of error, amazing; an innocent in every nine.
This is interesting.
In aviation, it would never be allowed to plant airplanes if every nine who would wake up, you would have to star.
But somehow we isolate the problem.
It's not our problem.
It's not our charge.
It's not our struggle.
I talk a lot about these things.
I talk about race and this issue of if we deserve to kill.
It's interesting that in my classes with students about African-American history, I talk about slavery.
I talk about terrorism, the time it started at the end of the reconstruction and lasted to World War II.
Really, we don't know much about this.
But for black Americans in this country, it was a little bit defined by the terror.
In many communities, people were afraid of being inadequate.
They were worried about being bombed.
The terror threat was what defined their lives.
Now, there are older people who come close to me and tell me,``Mr. Steven, you say,``Mr. Stevenson, you say ,"Tell people to stop saying that in our history, we lead to terrorism, after 9/11 . ''
They ask me to say,``No . Say we grew up with that . ''
The age of terrorism continued, obviously, with the segregation and decades of racial and separation.
In this country we have a dynamic that we don't like to talk about our problems.
We don't like to talk about our story.
And that's why we haven't understood what we historically have done.
All the time we collide with each other.
We constantly created tensions and conflicts.
It costs us work to talk about races . I think it's because we're not willing to engage with a process of truth and reconciliation.
In South Africa, people understood that you couldn't overcome racial segregation without a compromise with truth and reconciliation.
In Rwanda, even before genocide had this commitment, but in this country we haven't.
I was in Germany giving conferences about death penalty.
It was fascinating because one of the teachers stood after my presentation and said,``You know that it's well worrying to listen to what you say . ''
He said,``We have no death row in Germany.
We'll never be able to have it here . ''
The room stayed silent and a lady said,``There is no way with our history, we can never be able to get into the systematic death of human beings.
It would be irrational that we, intentional and deliberately, we put people out . ''
They thought about this.
How would we feel in a world where a nation like Germany, would execute people, especially if they were mostly Jews?
We couldn't tolerate it.
It would be irrational.
And yet, there is this disconnect.
I think our identity is in danger.
If we don't really care about these very difficult issues, the positive and wonderful things are, yet they're involved.
We love innovation.
It fascinated the technology . We worship creativity.
We love entertainment.
But lately, those realities are driven by suffering, abuse, degradation, butterflies.
In my opinion, it needs to integrate both things.
We ultimately talk about the need to have more hope, greater commitment, more dedication with the basic challenges of this complex world.
I think that means spending more time thinking and talking about the poor, the challenges, the ones that will never come to TED.
Think of them is, in a way, something that is inside our self.
It's true that we have to believe in issues that we haven't seen.
That's what we are . despite being so rational, so committed to the intellectual.
With innovation, with creativity, development comes not only from brain ideas.
These things come from food conditions also by heart conventions.
This connection of mind with heart is what drives us not only in the brilliant and dazzling, but also in the dark and the difficult thing.
Valua Helvetbo, the great dry leader, talked about this.
He said,``When we were in Eastern Europe suffering the oppression, we wanted all sorts of things, but primarily what we needed was hope, guidance for spirit, a will for being in despair sites and be a witnesses . ''
Well, that orientation for the spirit is practically in the heart of what I believe, that even in communities like TED, it must be engaged.
There is no disconnect related to technology and design, that allows us to be truly human if we don't pay attention to poverty, exclusion, inequality, injustice.
Now I want to warn you that these thoughts make a much more challenging identity than if we ignore these things.
Let's go back to find them.
I had the great privilege, being a very young lawyer, to meet Rosa Parks.
These women come together just to talk.
Occasionally, the Lord lady called me, to tell me,``Brenzband, you come to the Paris Paris . We're going to get together to talk.
Do you want to come and listen? ''
I said,``Be lady . I do want . ''
So she said,``Well, what do you do when you come? ''
I said,``Listen to them . ''
So I went and just listened to them.
It was a very super-expressive thing.
And at one occasion, I was there, listening to these ladies, and after a couple of hours, Mrs. Paris turned to me and said,``Now, Brian, tell me that this idea of equal justice.
Tell me what you're trying to do . ''
And I started giving my speech.
I said,``Well, we're trying to question injustice.
We try to help the ones who have been convicted unfair.
We tried to confront prejudice and discrimination in the administration of criminal justice.
We try to end up with the feelings of life, without conditional freedom for children.
We tried to do something about death penalty.
We tried to reduce the population in jails.
We tried to end up with mass incarceration . ''
I gave him all my best speech, and I looked at me, and he said,``Hmm hmm hmm . ''
And he said,``You'll end up exhausted, very exhausted . ''
At that point, Mrs. Korea leaned, he put his finger on the face and said,``That's why you have to be very, very brave . ''
I believe that the TED community has to be much more valuable.
We have to figure out how to deal with those challenges, those problems, that suffering.
Because finally humanity depends on compassion for others.
I've learned some very simple things in my work.
I've been educated in simple things.
I've come to understand and believe that each of us is superior to the worst we've ever made.
I think that's true for everybody on the planet.
I'm convinced that if somebody says a lie, it's not because it's a liar.
I'm sure if somebody takes something that doesn't belong, it's not that it's a thief.
Even if somebody kills another, it's not that it's a killer.
So I think there is a basic dignity in people who must be respected by law.
I also believe that in many parts of this country, and certainly in many parts of the world, the opposite of poverty is not wealth.
That's not.
I really think that in many parts of the opposite of poverty is justice.
And finally, I think that even though it's very dramatic, very beautiful, very light, very stimulating, it will not be judged by our technology, for our designs, not by our intellectual or rational capacity.
In the end, the character of a society is judge, not the way they treat the rich, powerful and privileged things, but by the way they treat the poor, the convicted, the prisoners.
Because it's in this context as we start to understand truly profound issues about what we are.
Sometimes I feel disillusioned . I'm going to end up with a story.
Sometimes I do too much force.
I'm tired, like everybody.
Sometimes those ideas go beyond my reasons in an important way.
I've been representing these kids who have been sentenced with a lot of severity.
I'm going to jail and I see my 13 clients and 14 years old, who have been burned to judge them as adults.
And I start thinking, how can it be?
How can a judge turn someone into what is not?
The judge shoulded it as an adult, but I see a child.
One night later, I was awake thinking -- God, if the judge can turn you into something you're not, should have magical powers.
Yes, Brian, the judge has magic powers.
You should ask some of that.
As it was very late, I couldn't think properly, but I started working on a demonstration.
I had a 14 year-old customer, a little, poor, black.
I started working on the demonstration, with a canvas that said,``My mythology for 14 years is treated as a 15-year-old privilege, executive of a corporation . ''
In the action, I put that there had been right behavior in aquaculture, in the behavior of police and in the process.
There was a line taken on how in this country there is no ethical, but a whole lack of ethics.
The next morning I woke up thinking about that insect, would it be a dream, or actually wrote it?
To my horror, not only had it cut it, but he had sent it to the court.
I had spent about two months, I had forgotten it.
And finally I decided --``Oh God, I have to go to the court for this stupid case.
I went to the car and felt truly overwhelmed, overwhelmed.
I went in the car to court.
And I thought this would be very difficult and perfect.
He finally dropped out of the car.
I was going up the stairs when I found a older black man; it was the collapse of the judge.
When she saw me, he came to me and said,``Who is you? ''
I said,``I'm a lawyer ."he replied,``Is you a lawyer?"I said yes.
And then I got open and hug.
And I'm whispering in the ear.
He said,``I'm proud of you . ''
I have to tell you now that that was viral.
That was deeply connected with my interior, with my identity with the ability that we all have to contribute to the community with a vision of hope.
Well, I went into the audience room.
When I walked into, the judge saw me.
And he said,``Mr. Stevenson, you wrote this sport . ''
I said,``Yes, Mr. was me ."And we started discussing.
People started coming . They were all outraged.
I was the one who wrote those crazy ones.
The police physicists came, the assistants, the automation.
Suddenly, without knowing how, the room was full of people . It's all furious because we talked about races, because we talked about poverty, because we talked about inequality.
With the rainforest of the eye, I was able to see the crash that I went and came.
He looked down the window, and I was able to hear all that scream.
I kept walking over here and there.
Finally, this old black, with concernition face, entered the room and sat behind me, almost at the table of lawyers.
About 10 minutes later, the judge said a recession.
During the break an assistant of the student, he showed, because the committee had entered the room.
The assistant was passed on the old black.
And he said,``Jimmy, what do you do in the audience room? ''
And the old black stood up, looked at the assistant, looked at me and said,``I walked into this audience room to tell this young man who keeps her view in the short target . ''
I've come to TED today because I think many of you understand that the moral arc of the universe is very big, but it folds towards justice.
That we can't be truly human humans if we don't care about human rights and dignity.
That our survival is tied up to others.
That our visions of technology, design, entertainment and creativity should be to the ones of free, compassion and justice.
And above all, those of the people who share this, I just want to tell you that they keep the eye in the target.
Thank you very much.
Chris Anderson: You just heard and see an obvious desire of the audience, of this community, to help in your purposes, to do something.
Something that's not a check . What can we do?
BJ: There are several opportunities nearby.
If you live in the state of California, for example, there will be a referendum of this spring in which an effort is going to be able to remove the funds that spend today in punishment policy.
For example, here in California, it's going to spend a billion dollars in death row, in the next five years, billions of dollars.
And despite this , 46 percent of the homicide cases don't agree in areas.
Fifty percent of rapes don't come to anything.
Here's a chance of change.
This reference is going to propose that these funds are going to make that law, to security.
I think there is a very close opportunity.
CA: There's been a huge decline in crime in the United States, in the last three decades.
Part of the explanation, it's said that it has to do with the highest incarceration rate.
What would you say to those who think that's like this?
BJ: Actually, the crime rate with violence has remained relatively stable.
The great growth in mass incarceration in this country is not for violence.
It's because of the wrong war against drugs.
That's why it comes up with this dramatic increase in the heart population.
And we let us convince the rhetoric of punishment.
We have three legal causes to bring people out to chain -- to steal a bicycle, by small crimes against property, rather than making them return to their victims.
I think we have to do more to help victims and not less.
It seems to me that our current philosophy about punishment does nothing for anybody.
I think that's the orientation that has to change.
CA: British, you've been excited to be cured today.
You're very inspiring.
Thank you very much for having come to TED . Thank you.
Announcer: They grow the threats by Bin Laden's death.
Announcer 2: famine in Somalia . Louis 3: The police throw pepper gas.
Announcer 4: The displaced posters . Local 5: Moral Crimes.
Voice 6: Social decoration . Voice 7 : 65 dead.
Local 8: tsunami alert . 9: cyberattacks.
Several routines: War to the naturalist, mass destruction . Transcendent.
Recession . Bank . End judgment . Egypt . Syria.
Crisis . Death . disaster.
Oh, my God!
Peter Diamandis: These are just some of the clips that I got in the last six months, and they could barely be the last six days or the last six years.
The idea is that the press media prefer to give us negative news, because our minds pay attention.
And that responds to a very good reason.
In every second of our senses, our senses get a lot more data than probably the brain can process.
And as we don't care more than surviving, the first stop of all that data is an ancient fragment of the temporal lobe called amygdala.
The amygdala is our early warning detector, the danger detector.
Order and records all the information looking for something in the environment that could make harm.
That's why a dozen stories of stories will prefer to look at the negatives.
That old press of the press:``If there's blood, selling ,"it's very true.
And because all digital devices gave us negative news, the seven days of the week , 24 hours a day, it's not surprising to be pessimistic.
It's not surprising that people think that the world goes wrong to worse.
But maybe it doesn't.
Perhaps, instead, what really happens is we get distorted.
Perhaps the enormous progress in the last century by a series of forces is accelerating in such a way that we have the potential to create a world of abundance in the next three decades.
I'm not saying that we don't have our good problems: climate change, species extinction, water extinction and energy; we have no doubt.
As human beings, we are very good to apply the problems and, in the long, we end up with them.
We look at it in the last century to see where we go.
In the last hundred years, the average life average has more than doubled, the average per capita income per capita has tripled around the world.
infant mortality has reduced 10 times.
Also, the cost of food, of electricity, transportation and communications, has fallen from 10 to 1,000 times.
Steve Pinker showed us that we're living the most peaceful time in human history.
And Charles Kennedy that world literacy went from 25 percent to more than 80 percent in the last 130 years.
We're really living an extraordinary time.
A lot of people forget it.
And we continue to put higher and higher expectations.
In fact, we redefined the meaning of poverty.
Think about it, today in America, much of the people living under the poverty line have electricity, water, bathrooms, refrigerators, television, mobile phones, air conditioning and cars.
The brown bankers of the country of the past century, the planets on the planet, would never have dreamed of such luxury.
By supporting a lot of this is technology and, lately, its exponential growth.
My good friend Ray Kurzweil showed that any tool that comes in information technology jumps in this curve, Moore's Law, and doubling the price performance in about 12 to 24 months.
That's why the mobile phone that you have in the pocket is a million times cheaper and a million times faster than a supercomputer in the '70s.
Now look at this curve.
It's Moore's Law for the last hundred years.
I want you to see two things in this curve.
First, the gentle thing that is -- in good and bad times, in war and peace, in recession, in depression and in the rise.
It's the rest of fast computers used to build faster computers.
It doesn't stop before any of the big challenges.
And even though it's plotted on a law on the left, it goes up.
The growth rate of technology is itself faster and faster.
And in this curve, in the hormones of Moore's Law, there are a series of extraordinarily powerful technologies that we count today.
The computer in the cloud, that my friends of Autodesk call infinite computing, sensors and networks, robotics , 3D printing and their ability to democratize and distribute personalized production across the planet, synthetic biology, fuel and vaccines and food, digital medicine, nanotechnology and A.I.
I mean, how many saw the victory of Watson from Watson, from IBM?
It was epic.
I looked at the newspapers the best headline that would be.
And I loved this:``Watson comes to human opponents . ''
Jeopardy is not an easy game.
It plays with the nuances of human language.
Imagine this artificial intelligence in the cloud, available for everyone in the mobile phone.
Four years ago, here at TED, Ray Kurzweil and I, we launched a new university called Singularity University.
We teach these technologies to our students, and in particular, how they can use to solve the great challenges of humanity.
And every year we asked them to launch a company, or a product or service, that can potentially affect the lives of billions of people in a decade.
Think about that, the fact that a group of students today can impact the life of a billion people.
Thirty years ago, that would have been absurd.
Today we can point out a dozen companies that have already done it.
When I think about creating abundance, it doesn't mean creating luxury life for every inhabitant on the planet; it's about creating a life of the possible.
It's about taking that, which is scarce and become plentiful.
You see, scarcity is contextual and technology is a force that releases resources.
Let me give you an example.
It's a story of Naval III in the 1800s.
He's the guy on the left.
He invited dinner's king.
Napoleon's troops ate with silver covers, and the same Napoleon, with gold covers.
But the king of Simon, ate with aluminum covered.
You see, the aluminum was the most valuable metal on the planet; it's worth more than gold and plastic.
That's why the tip of the monument to Washington is aluminum.
You see, although the aluminum is 8.7 percent of the Earth's mass, it doesn't come as a pure metal.
It's bound by oxygen and whistles.
But then the electricity came and made the aluminum so cheap that we used it as if it was disabled.
We projected this analogy to the future.
Let's think of energy scarcity.
Ladies and gentlemen, we're on a planet bathed for 5,000 times more energy energy than we use in a year.
They get to the Earth 16 languages of energy every 88 minutes.
It's not about scarcity, it's about access.
And there are good news.
This year, for the first time, the cost of solar energy in India is 50 percent less than a diesel generated : 8.5 rupees versus 17 rupees.
The cost of solar energy fell 50 percent last year.
Last month, MIT published a study that shows that by the end of the decade, in the sunny parts of the United States, solar electricity will cost six cents per pound per hour compared to 15 cents of the national medium.
And if we have energy abundance, we also have water abundance.
Let's talk about water war.
Remember when Carl Sagan pointed up the Voyager Space spacecraft to the Earth, in 1990, after Saturn happened?
He pulled a famous picture . How was he called?
\" A pale blue dot . ''
Because we live on a planet of water.
We live on a planet covered by 70 percent of water.
Yes , 97.9 percent is saltwater, two percent is ice, and we fight for 0.5 percent of the water on the planet, but here's a hope.
It's a technology available not in 10 20 years, but right now.
nanotechnology comes, nanotechnology.
In a conversation with Dean Kamen this morning, one of the innovators in the British -- I'd like to share with you, I was allowed to do it -- his technology called Sliming Country already known it is the size of a small refrigerator.
It's capable of generating a thousand liters of drinking water a day from any source water, contaminated water, a latrine for less than two cents the gallon.
The president of Coca-Cola just agreed to do a major test of hundreds of these units in the developing world.
If that comes out right, and I have a full confidence that it will be, Coca-Cola will implement it in 200 countries on the planet.
This is a powerful innovation for this technology that exists today.
And we've seen it on mobile phones.
My God, we're going to get to 70 percent of the mobile phones in the developing world by the end of 2013.
Think of it, that mass warrior has better mobile communications in Kenya than President Reagan 25 years ago.
And to tell you with a smartphone with Google, it has access to more knowledge and information than President Clinton 15 years ago.
It lives in a world of abundance of information and communications that no one could have predicted ever.
Better than that, the things that you and I have paid dozens and hundreds of thousands of GPS dollars, video Hudson, images, libraries of books and music, medical diagnostic technology now destroyed and lose market value with mobile phones.
Maybe the best thing comes when you have the health applications.
Last month, I had the pleasure to announce with the Malawarian Foundation something called the X Machine Company Crash , 10 million dollars.
We're challenging the world's teams so that they combine these technologies in a mobile device with which they speak, and because it has A.I . you can take, you can extract blood blood.
To win, it has to make better diagnostics than a certified medical team.
Imagine this device in the middle of the developing world where there are no doctors, where the morbidity charge is 25 percent and there are 1.3 percent of health workers.
When this device sequence a RNA or DNA virus that doesn't recognize, to call the health of health and, first, prevent the pandemic.
But this is the biggest force to produce a world of abundance.
I call it the billion in increase.
The white lines here are the population.
We just passed the brand of the seven billion.
By the way, the best protection against demographic explosion is to draw the world of education and health.
In 2010, we had less than two billion people online, connected.
By 2020, going from two billion to five billion Internet users.
Three billion minds have never been joined by the global conversation.
What do these people want?
What will you consume? What do you want?
And instead of an economic collapse we will have the largest economic injection of history.
These people represent tens of billions of dollars in the global economy.
And you'll get healthier thanks to the triple, from a better education with the Khan Academy and because of the use of 3D printing and computing in the cloud to be more productive than ever before.
What can you give us three billion more members of humanity, healthy and productive?
How about a few voices before?
What if we give the oppressed, wherever they are, a voice to be heard and power for the first time?
What are these three billion?
What if they are contributions that we can't predict?
One thing I learned with the X Prize is that small teams, guided by its passion with a clear goal, can do extraordinary things, things that could only do great corporations and governments.
I'm going to end up sharing a story that really excite me.
There's a program that maybe some know.
It's called Florida.
I was at Washington University in Seattle.
It's a game where people can take a sequence of amino acids and figure out how to fold the protein.
The folds determine structure and functionality.
It's very important in medical research.
And so far, it was a superconductor problem.
They've played with this college professors, among others.
Then hundreds of thousands of people were used and started playing it.
And it's shown that today's machinery recognition machinery is better folding proteins than the best computers.
Ladies and gentlemen, what gives me a huge confidence in the future is that today we have more power as people to take the big challenges on the planet.
We have the tools with this exponential technology.
We have the passion of the Brazil innovation.
We have the capital capital.
And we have three billion new minds that will be used to work in the solution of big challenges and do what we should do.
We have a few extraordinary decades.
Thank you.
I'm going to talk about a very small idea.
It's the rising point.
And as the idea can explain in a minute, I'll give you three examples to do time.
The first story is about Charles Darwin, one of my heroes.
He was here, as you know, in 1838.
You might believe that it was periods, but it didn't.
It actually collects fish.
And he described one of them as very common.
It was the groupers.
I caught it very much until the 1880s.
Now the fish is at the Red List of the IUCN.
But we've heard this story many times, about Galapagos and elsewhere, so that has nothing special.
But the case is we still come to the Galapagos.
We still think they're pristine.
The leaflets still say they follow intact.
So what happens here?
The second story, also illustrates another concept: the shift of the waist.
Because I was there in 1971 studying a lagoon in West Africa.
I was there because I grew up in Europe, and then I wanted to work in Africa.
I thought I could be intrigued.
I burned a lot with the sun and I was convinced that I wasn't from there.
This is my first exhibition to the sun.
The lagoon was surrounded by palms, and as you can see, from a few mangroves.
There were tilapia of about 20 centimeters, the black beard tilapia.
And the fisheries of this slide was very abundant and passed for a good moment, so he won more than half in Ghana.
When I went there 27 years later, the number of fish had halved half.
They were ripe at five centimeters.
They experienced a genetic pressure.
There were still fish.
They were still happy.
And the fish were still happy to be there.
I mean, nothing to change, but everything has changed.
My third story is that I was involved in the introduction of dragging fishing in Southeast Asia.
In the 1970s, I started in the '60s, and it started in the 1960 European projects.
The fishing development knew the countries that already had 100,000 fishermen, to impose industrial fishing.
And this little boat, pretty ugly, was called the Mother 4.
I went fishing in it, and we conducted studies in southern China, and especially in the Sea of Java.
What we captured was something inevitable.
We captured, now I know, the sea bottom.
Ninety percent of what we captured were sponges, other animals that are in the background.
And most fish are tiny about some remains, remains that are coral reef fish.
In summary, the sea bottom came to the deck, and then it was thrown.
These images are extraordinary because the transition is very fast.
In a year, you do a study and then start commercial fisheries.
The bottom is from being a solid corner of soft coral, in this case, to be a salary.
This is a dead turtle.
They didn't eat them . They caught them because they were dead.
Once we captured a living.
It was still not drowned.
So they wanted to kill it because it was a good food.
Now this mountain of remains is what fishermen are collected every time they go to an area where they've never fished.
But it's not documented.
We transform the world, but we don't remember it.
We adjust the stop point, the new level, without remembering what was there.
If we generalize this, something happens like this.
On the y-axis, we have good things: biodiversity, quantities, the green of the country, the water supply.
And that changes over time . It changes because people do things with nature.
Each generation will use the images that are received at the beginning of their conscious life as the normal and the extrapolate forward.
The difference is that they perceive loss.
But they don't perceive the loss that happened before.
You can analyze the dirty of changes.
And in the end, keeping some remains remains.
And that, in great measure, is we want to do it now.
We want to keep things no longer, or they're not what they were.
But you should think that this problem affects people when predatory societies kill animals without knowing what they've done to a few generations later.
Because, obviously, an animal that is very abundant, before we get extinct, is very frequent.
You don't lose abundant animals.
You lose unlikely animals.
Even if this doesn't perceive as a great loss.
Over time, we focus on big animals, and in a synonymous sea of great fish.
They become little frequent because we find them.
Over time, you have a few fish, but we think that's the point of departure.
And the question is, why do we accept this?
Well, because we don't know that it was different.
In fact, a lot of people, scientists, questioning that it was very different.
And they will do that because the evidence presented in an earlier way is not the way they expect it to have evidence.
For example, the anecdote that some of them present, like they get out of that, and so many fish in this area can't be used, or usually not using fisheries scientists, because it's not``science . ''
So we have a situation where people don't know the past, even though we live in built societies, because they don't trust the sources of the past.
From there the enormous paper that can be a protected marine area.
Because with protected marine areas, we really recreated the past.
We remember the past that people can't conceive because the stop point has been run and it's very low.
That's for people who can see a protected marine zone, and they can benefit from the vision that provides, which allows them to erase their departure.
And what about the people who can't do it because they don't have access, like the Middle Media people, for example?
I believe that the arts and film can perhaps fill the vacuum . The simulation.
This is a simulation of the Kahler Bay.
A long time ago, there were gray whales on Chesapeake Bay; 500 years ago.
And you'll have noticed that nuances and talents are like``Avatar . ''
And if you think about``Avatar ,"if you think about why people moved with the movie -- -- I'm talking about the story of Coca-Cola, why to move with images?
Because it raises something that, in a sense, has lost.
So my recommendation, the only one that will give, is Cameron, do``Avatar II"underwater.
Thank you very much.
Hello . I'm Kevin Stone, the YouTube trend manager; and I look at YouTube videos in a professional way.
It's true.
So today we'll see why videos are made viral and how important it has.
We all want to be stars: celebrities, singers, comedians -- when I was younger, that seemed very, very difficult.
But today, the web of the web makes any of us, or our actions, copper news in a part of our global culture.
Anybody can be famous on the Internet in a sandwich.
Over 48 hours of video to YouTube, per minute.
And, of those, only a little percentage is made viral, it gets infinite of visitors and gains culture.
How does that happen?
Three things: trend creators, community participation and surprise.
Okay, let's start.
Beau Valley: Oh my God, God.
Oh my God!
Wow.
Michael, wow!
KA: Last year, Beau Victorm published this film outside of his house in the National Park of Yosemite.
In 2010 , 23 million times.
This graph shows reproduction in the population of the past summer of the past summer.
Beach doesn't make a viral video.
I just wanted to share a double rainbow.
That's what you do if you's called YouTube Mountain Beach.
I had published many videos of nature.
This video was published in January.
So what happened here?
It was Jimmy Kim.
Jimmy Kim published this shot that would call the video to popularity.
The creators of trends like Jimmy Kim presented us new and interesting things and split them to a broader audience.
Rebecca Blake: It's Friday, Friday . You've got to start the Friday . Everyone wants me to get the weekend, the weekend, Friday, Friday, starting Friday . KA: You won't think that we can have this conversation without talking about this video, I hope.
Republic's``Friday"is one of the most popular videos in the year.
You saw it almost 200 million times this year.
This graph shows the frequency of use.
Like``rainbow doubles ,"this video seemed to have emerged from nowhere.
So what happened this day?
Well, it was Friday, it's true.
And if you ask for those other peaks, they're also Friday.
But what happened this day, this particular Friday?
Well, I took her Toron and many blogs started writing about it.
Michael J. Nelson, from Missouri Science Theater, was one of the first people to do a joke on the video on Twitter.
But the important thing is that one person or a group of trend creators adopt a view and share it with a broader audience, accelerating the process.
So, this community of people who share this great internal joke then starts talking about it and do things.
And now there are 10,000 speeches of``Friday"in YouTube.
Just in the first seven days, there was a parody for each of the other days.
Unlike the 20th century entertainment of the 20th century, this community participation is our way of being part of the phenomenon by telling it or doing something new with it.
\" Ninor Cat"is an repetitive animation with a music.
That's what it is.
This year you saw about 50 million times.
And if you think that's weird, you know there's a three hours version that has been seen four million times.
Even the cats saw this video.
And there are cats that saw other cats to see the video.
But the important thing here is creativity that woke up between the Internet Internet community.
There were remix.
Someone made a version of the ancient.
And then it became international.
All of a sudden, a whole community of remix came out that made this happen from being a story joke to something that we can all be part of.
Because today we're not just enjoying, we participate.
Who could have predicted something like this?
Who could have predicted```` Diarrier rainbow"or Rebecca Black or Ninthe Cat . ''
What a script could you have written to it?
In a world where two days of video are uploaded by minute, only that really unique and unexpected can get away in the way that these things have done.
When a friend told me that I had to see this great video of a guy who was protest against the crimes in New York City, I admit that I'm not really interested in.
Casey Nicolan: I was frustrated by not circular, but often there are obstacles that prevent you close directly by bicycle.
KA: Thank you to the surprise and your humor, Casey Nicolan made five million to see and understand their idea.
So this approach is worth for all the new things we do.
And all of this leads to a big question.
Beau Vasical: What does this mean?
Oh.
KA: What does this mean?
The creators of trend, creative communities of participation, totally unexpected, are characteristics of a new type of media, of a new culture, that we all have access and is the audience that defines popularity.
As I said before, one of the world's celebrities, Justin Bieber, started on YouTube.
They don't ask permission to express their ideas.
Now we're all a little bit owners of our pop culture.
These are not the characteristics of the old media, it's barely the current media, but they will define the entertainment of the future.
Thank you.
This is not a finished story.
It's a puzzle that's still drying.
Let me tell you about some of the pieces.
Imagine the first piece: a man burning the work of a lifetime.
It's a poet, a playwright, a man whose entire life had supported in the unique hope of unity and freedom of his country.
Imagine while the communist comes in in Cairo, facing the fact that their life had completely been in vain.
The words, for so much time, are now struck.
It was refugeed in silence.
He died broken by history.
He's my grandfather.
I never met it.
But our lives are much more than our memories.
My grandmother never allowed me to forget his story.
My task was not to let that have been in vain, and my lesson was to learn that history tried to get us, but we put it up.
The next part of the puzzle is about a boat in the dawn by deliberately melting into the sea.
My mother, mom, was just 18 years old when her father died, and a certified marriage and two small girls.
For her, life had been destined to a task alone: the escape of his family and a new life in Australia.
It was inconceivable for her that I couldn't do it.
And then from a four years old, he challenged the fiction, a boat slipped into the destructive sea of fisheries.
All adults knew the risks.
The biggest fear was pirates, rape and death.
Like most adults, my mother had a flash with poison.
If we were captured, we would first take my sister and I, and then she and my grandmother.
My first memories are from that boat, the constant pace of the engine, it's succeeding in every wave, and the vast, empty horizon.
I don't remember the pirates who came several times, but they were fooled with the men's courage in our boat, or the engine dying and could not run for six hours.
But I remember the lights of the oil platform in front of the coast of Malaysia, and the young man who collapsed and died, to end the journey was too much for him, and the first apple I tried, given by the men of the platform.
No apple had the same flavor.
After three months in a refugee camp, we were in Melbourne.
And the next piece of the puzzle is about four women over three generations shaping a new life together.
We set up in Furication, a working-class suburb whose population is composed of immigrants.
Unlike the middle-class suburbs, which existed, in Furication, had no sense of the right.
The smells that come from the shops were the rest of the world.
And the fragments of shared English were exchanged between the people who had one thing in common: they were starting again.
My mother worked in farms, then on a car assembly line, working six days, twice a day.
Yet, I found time to study English and get a title at I.T . technology.
We were poor.
All the dollars were assigned, and established an extra degree in English and math, no matter what you should take away, which is usually new clothes; it was always a second hand.
Two pairs of media for school, one to hide the holes of the other.
A school uniform to the ankles, because I had to last six years.
And there were weird singers and painful on the``translated eyes ,"and some graffiti:``Asian, go home . ''
How?
Something in me is hardened.
I was accumulating determination and a voice that said,``I'm going to fix you . ''
My mother, my sister and I slept in the same bed.
My mother was exhausted every night, but we told us about our day and we listened to our grandmother's movements in the house.
My mother suffered nightmares, all the boat.
And my task was to be awake until his nightmares started to be able to wake up.
She opened a computer store, then he studied to be a estrogen and opened another business.
And women came with their stories about men who could not make the transition, angry and inefficient, and the children who are trapped between two worlds.
They were looking at subsidies and sponsors.
And they created centers.
I lived in parallel worlds.
In one, it was the classic Asian student, it was important with what I was dealing with myself.
In the other, it was locked in particular lives, tragically taken by violence, drug abuse and isolation.
But many received help over the years.
And for that work, when I studied my last year of lawyer, I was elected by the year's young Australian.
And I was caught from a piece of the puzzle to the other, but his edges didn't fit.
So read,``Animal resident of Furication ,"I was now, so, refugee and social activist, invited to speak in sites I'd never heard, and in homes whose existence she would never have imagined.
I didn't know the protocols.
I didn't know how to use the covers.
I didn't know how to talk about wine.
I didn't know how to talk about anything.
I wanted to get to the routine and the comfort of life in an ignored suburb -- a grandmother, a mother and two daughters finishing the day as they did for almost 20 years for almost 20 years, counting on the day of each and falling asleep, the three still in the same bed.
And I told my mom I couldn't do it.
It reminded me that I had now the same age that she had when we jumped into the boat.
The``no"had ever been an option.
\" Make it ,"he said,``and not be what you're not . ''
So I talked about youth discrimination and education and disability to marginalized and disaster.
And the more frankly I talked, the more it was used to speak.
I met people from all walks in life, many of them doing what they loved, living in the frontier of the possible.
And even though I finished my bachelor, I realized I couldn't stay in a lawyer race.
There had to be another piece of the puzzle.
And I realized at the same time that it's okay to be a stranger, a new arrival, new in the scene -- and not just that it's okay, but it's something that I'll be grateful for, maybe a ship gift.
Because being inside can easily mean to collapse the horizons, it can easily mean accepting the assumptions of your province.
I gave the enough steps out of my comfort zone to know that, yes, the world is crumbling, but not the way we fear.
possibilities that would not have been allowed to be done tremendously.
There was an energy there, a important optimism, a rare mix of humility and bravery.
So I followed my intuition.
I put a small group of people for the slogan``can't be done"was an irresistible challenge.
For a year, we didn't have a penny.
At the end of every day, it made a giant piece of soup that we all shared.
We worked until well the night.
Most of our ideas were crazy, but some brilliant ones, and we open up.
He took the decision to move to the U.S.
After one journey.
My hearts again.
Three months later, I had moved, and the adventure continued.
Before I finished, let me tell you about my grandmother.
She grew up in a time when Congress was the social norm and the local Mandarin was the person who mattered.
Life had not changed for centuries.
Her father died shortly after she was born.
The mother raised it.
At the age of 17, he became a manufacturing of a Mandarin whose mother hit her.
No support of her husband, they caused a reverse to sue and bring the cause herself, and much more reverse caused when he won.
He can't make it proven to be wrong.
I was in the shower in the room of a hotel in Sydney when she died , 1,000 miles in Melbourne.
I looked through the shoulder of the shower and saw it standing on the other side.
I knew I had come to be.
My mother called minutes later.
Days later, we went to a Buddhist temple in Furication, and we sat around their attention.
We tell him stories and we assure we were still with it.
At night a monk came and told us that he had to close the tuna.
My mother asked us to feel their hand.
I asked the monk,``Why is your hand hot, and the rest of the body so cold? ''
\" Because you've taken your hand from the morning ,"he said.
\" You haven't succeeded . ''
If there's a nerve in our family, that runs through women.
Since we were and how life formed us, we can now see that the men who had reached our lives would have frustrated us.
The defeat would easily get.
Now I want to have my own children, and I ask myself about ship.
Who could wish that to itself?
However, I fear the privilege of the easy, the right.
Can I give you a place in their lives, embracing courageous in every wave, the constant pace of the engine, the vast horizon that would not guarantee anything?
I don't know.
But if I could give it and see it safe, I would do it.
Thirty Neigest and also Mother's mother is here today, in the fourth or fifth row.
My story starts in Rajasthan about two years ago.
I was in the desert, under the starry sky, with the Sufi Mandarin Muslim Ali.
We were building how nothing has changed since the age of the ancient Indian epidemic``The Mahabharata . ''
In those days when the Indians wanted to travel, we jumped into a car, and we would save the sky.
Now we do it with airplanes.
At that time when I was blown, the great Indian warrior, he had silk, he took a bow, and with a stream to the ground, he got water.
Now we do the same with stores and machines.
The conclusion we did was that the machinery had replaced the magic.
And that really trained me.
Every time I felt a little bit more technological.
I was terrified by this idea of losing the ability to enjoy and appreciate a sunset if I didn't have the camera, if I couldn't throw it to my friends.
It seemed to me that technology had to allow magic, not killing it.
My grandfather gave me his pilot silver watch.
And this 50 year-old technological piece was to my most magical thing.
It became a golden door to a world full of images and pirate and nanotechnology in my imagination.
I had the feeling that mobile phones, luxury clocks and cameras prevent us.
They face our inspiration.
That's why I launched, I threw into this technological world to see how to use magic, rather than killing it.
It illustrates books since age 16.
So when I saw the iPad, I saw a narrative device able to connect to the readers of the entire world.
You can know how we take the book.
Where we are.
The text with the image, the animation, the sound and the touch.
The storytelling becomes more and more multinational.
But what does that serve us?
I'm about to launch Kyoto, an interactive application for iPad.
He says,``I put your fingers on every light . ''
And so --``This box belongs to ..."I write my name.
And so I get a character of the book.
In many moments, I get a letter -- the iPad knows where I live by GPS -- that comes to me.
My inner child is excited with all these possibilities.
I've talked a lot about magic.
And I don't mean wizards and dragons, but to that magic of childhood, to those ideas that we opened from children.
For some reason, fireflies in a jar always became exciting.
So, over here, we have to put the iPad to release the fireflies.
And, really, light your way in which the book remains.
Another idea that I was fascinated by a child was that a whole galaxy is going on a bag.
So here, every book and every world becomes a little bit into a little bit that I drag into this magic device, inside the device.
And this opens up a map.
In every fantasy book there have always been maps, but they have been static maps.
This is a map that grows, guilt and guide you during the rest of the book.
In certain points of the book, it's also revealed.
Now I'm going to go in.
Another very important aspect to me is to create Indian content, and at the contemporary time.
These are the spiders here.
We've all heard of the fairies and the ninetarths, but how many people outside India know their Indian counterparts, the spiders?
These poor hairs have been trapped in the cameras of Indra during millennia, in an old and wet book.
So we're bringing them back in a contemporary child history.
In a story that deals with current issues like the environmental crisis.
And talking about the environmental crisis, one of the problems of the last 10 years has been that children have been locked up, attached to their PCs, they haven't gone out to the outside world.
But now with mobile technology, we can take our kids into the natural world with their technology.
One of the interactions of the book is this adventure where you have to go outside, take the camera or the iPad, and collecting images of different natural objects.
As a child, I had a lot of collections: sticks, stones, guitar and shells.
For some reason, kids don't.
So to recover this childhood ritual, you have to go out and, in a chapter, take a picture to a flower and then label it.
In another chapter, you have to take a picture of a piece of cortex and then label it.
So, you create a digital collection of pictures that then you can put on the Web.
A child in London puts a picture of a fox and says,``Oh, I saw a fox . ''
A child in India says,``I saw a monkey . ''
And it creates this kind of social network around a collection of digital pictures that have been taken.
Within the variations of connection between magic, Earth and technology are many possibilities.
In the next book, we're trying to have an interaction where you go out with the iPad and the video on and through, and you actually see a group of cartoons that appear on the inner plants in the house.
At a moment, the screen is full of leaves.
And you have to make the sound of the wind and you can blow them out so you can read the rest of the book.
We go to a world where nature's forces are intertwined with technology and magic and technology get closer to each other.
We took the energy of the sun.
We're approaching our children and ourselves to the natural world and that magic, joy and child love that we sit through a simple story.
Thank you.
I'd like to talk to you about why a lot of prostitutes fail.
And I think, really, that the most important thing about that is we stop listening to patients.
And one of the things we did at the University University was to give up a director of listening.
And not in a very scientific way, she put a little cup of coffee or tea and asked patients, family and known,``What happens? ''
\" How can we help?
And we tend to think, that this is one of the biggest problems for what everybody, or maybe not all, but most of the European projects fail, because we stop listening.
This is my Wi-Fi player . It's a very simple thing.
It's got a little bit of a turn.
Every morning I got up.
And yes, I have a challenge as you can see.
I got the challenge for 95 kilograms.
But it's so simple, that every time I connect, I send my information to Google Health.
And my head doctor has access to it as well . So, he can see what my weight problem is, not at the same time when I need a psychological assistance or some urgency of that style, but to see it backwards.
But there's another thing.
As some of you know, I have more than 4,000 followers on Twitter.
So, every morning I connect my Wi-Fi partner, and before I went up to my car, people start to talk to me,``Look, I think you need a light lunch.
That's the best thing that can happen, because it's pressure of the pairs used to help patients, because it could be used for obesity, and also for the patients to stop smoking.
On the other hand, it can be employed to move people out of their chairs and together to develop some recycled activity to have more control of their health.
From the next week, it's going to be available.
This little balloon connected to an iPhone or another device.
And people might, from their houses, take their blood pressure, send it to their doctor, and share it with others, for example, for 100 dollars.
This is the point where patients assume a position, they will recover control and be captains of their own boat, but it can also help us to healthcare because of the challenges that we face, as the trigger of the costs of medicine care, demand doubled and other issues.
To do techniques that are simple to use and start with this to involve patients in the team.
And you can do it with techniques like these, but also through creation.
And one of the things we did want to share with you with a video.
We all have navigation control in cars.
Maybe even we have them in our phones.
We know perfectly where the ATMs are in Pakistan.
Also where all the gasoline is.
And of course, we can find fast food chains.
But where is the nearest Dewichiam to help this patient?
We asked, but nobody knew.
Nobody knew where to get the USDA saving lives right now.
What we did was we did creation in the Netherlands.
We created a website, and we asked it to the public that: If you see a Deward, please send it up, tell you where, and when it's open, because sometimes you open in office schedules and others are closed.
And over 10,000 Fahrenheit, they were already introduced in the Netherlands.
The next step was to look for application for that.
And we did an app for the iPad.
We created an app for Lawrence, augmented reality, to find these Dewichiams.
And every time you're in the city of Massachu and someone collapses, you can use your iPhone, and the next weeks will use your Microsoft cell phone to find the nearest Deweter, which can save lives.
And from today, I want to introduce this, not just like Delseve Fording, which is the name of the product, but also like DNA.
And we want to start it globally.
We're making all the colleagues in the world, in other universities, to help us find, work and act as a center for the Devil Church in everybody.
Every time you're in vacation and someone collapses, it can be a relative or someone in front of you, you can find it.
I also wanted to invite companies around the world that could help us to value these Dewichiams.
They could be messages of messages or phone services, for example, to see if the Dewichiam that's shown is still in place.
Please add in this and not just improve health, but take control of it.
Thank you very much.
I'm here to share my photography.
Or is it a photograph?
Because, of course, they're photographs that cannot take their cameras.
My interest in photography woke up with my first digital camera at 15.
It mixed with my passion before the drawing, but it was a bit different because when I used the camera, the process was in planning.
And when you take a picture with a camera, the process ends when you press the pilot.
For me, photography had more than to do with being in the right place, at the point.
It seemed like anybody could do it.
So I wanted to create something different, a process that would start to press the pilots.
photos like this: a building in a very transparent road.
But it has an unexpected twist.
And, despite that, it keeps a level of realistic.
Or photos like these -- dark and colorful at the time, but with the common goal of keeping the level of realism.
And when I say realism, I say the photography.
Because, of course, it's not something that can capture, but I always want it to be captured in some way as a photograph.
photos that you will have to think about a moment to discover the trick.
It has more than to do with capturing an idea that has a moment.
But what is the trick that makes them seem real?
Is it the details or the colors?
I intervene the light?
What creates the illusion?
Sometimes the illusion is the perspective.
But at the end, it's about our way to interpret the world and how you can perceive on an two-dimensional surface.
It's actually not about whether it's realistic, but what we think is realistic.
So I think the foundations are very simple.
I see it as a puzzle of the reality that we take different pieces of reality and together to create an alternative reality.
Let me show you a simple example.
Here's three perfectly unimaginable objects, something that we can all relate to the three-dimensional world.
But combined in a certain way you can create something that still seems three-dimensional, as if you existed.
But at the same time, we know it doesn't exist.
So, we deceive the brain because the brain doesn't accept the fact that it doesn't really make sense.
And I see the same process by combining photography.
It really is to combine different realities.
And the things that make a picture look like, I think it's the ones we don't even think about, the things that surround us in our everyday life.
But by combining photographs, it's very important to consider it, because otherwise something looks bad.
So I'd like to say that there are three simple rules that will continue to achieve realistic results.
As you can see, these images are not very special.
But combined, you can create something like this.
So the first rule is that the combination of photos must have the same perspective.
Second, the combined photos must have the same kind of light.
And these two pictures come together with these requirements; they were taken at the same height and with the same kind of light.
The third point is to make it impossible to distinguish the beginning and the end of the different images with a perfect union.
It has to be impossible to see where the image is.
This is another example.
You might think this is the image of a landscape, and the bottom is manipulated.
But this image is completely composed by photographs of different places.
I personally think it's easier to create a place that will find it because you don't need to put in danger the ideas that you have in your head.
But it requires a lot of planning.
And as I thought this idea in winter knew I had several months to plant it, to find the different locations for the puzzle parts.
For example, the fish was captured in a fishing trip.
The costs are from a different location.
The underwater part was captured in a stone pump.
And yes, I even made red the house on the top of the island, so it looks more Sweden.
So to achieve a realistic outcome, I think it takes planning.
You always start with a sketch, an idea.
Then you have to combine the different pictures.
And here every piece is very well thinking.
If you make a good job when you take pictures, the result can be very beautiful and very realistic.
All tools are there and the only limit is our imagination.
Thank you.
I'll start by showing a slide on technology, very boring.
Please, if you can put it.
It's a diagram that I took from a folder of mine.
I'm not really interested in showing you the details, but the general aspect.
This is an analysis that we were doing about the power of the RCS microprocessors versus the power of local areas networks.
What's interesting about this is that this, like a lot of other that we're looking at, is kind of a straight line on the logarithmic scale.
In other words, every step here represents an order of magnitude at the performance scale.
Speaking of technology with serious curves is a novel thing.
There's something weird here.
And that's exactly what I'm going to talk about.
Please turn the lights.
I would need more intensity because writing on paper.
Why do we plot technological curves on logarithmic scales?
The answer is, if you draw them into a normal curve in which, say, these are the years, or some unit of time, and this would be any measure of the technology that I want to plot, the diagram would see something ridiculous.
It would be something like this.
It doesn't say much.
But if you graph, for example, some other technology, like transportation, in a systematic curve would be very silly, we would see a straight line.
But if something happens like this, it gives a qualitative change.
If the transportation technology will advance as fast as the microscope, we could take a taxi and be in Tokyo in 30 seconds.
But it doesn't move into that rhythm.
There are no precedent in the history of the technological development of an growth that every few years advance orders of magnitude.
The question I want to do is -- looking at these exponential curves, we see that they don't follow forever.
It's not possible to sustain this change as fast as it goes.
One of two things would happen.
Or it's going to become a typical curve, I know like this until something completely different, or maybe do something like that.
That's everything that can happen.
I'm optimistic, so I think maybe something will happen like this.
If this is, now we would be in the middle of a transition.
In this line, we're in a transition of what the world used to be, to a new form.
So what I try to ask, and ask me, is that the new way that I adopt the world?
What new state will the world run?
The transition seems very, very confusing if we're immersed in it.
I remember as a child the future happened in 2000 and people used to talk about what would happen in the year 2000.
This is a conference where people talk about the future and see the future remains the year 2000.
That's all we see.
In other words, the future has shrunk, year after year, throughout my life.
But I think it's because we feel that something is happening.
We can feel it.
And we know that it doesn't make much sense to think about 30 or 50 years, because everything will be so different than we're doing today doesn't make any sense.
So I want to talk to you about how it might be, how that transition might be that we experience.
But to do that, I'll have to talk a little bit about things that don't have much to do with technology and computer.
Because I think the only way to understand it is to take distance and look at the long-term things.
The time scale I'd like to do that is the time of life on Earth.
I think this image makes sense if we look at it every billion years.
So we go back about two billion years when the Earth was a great sterile rock with many chemicals that float around it.
If we see the way that these chemicals were organized, we give us an idea of how things happened.
And I think there are theories to start understanding the origin with RNA, and I'm going to tell you a simple version of this, and that is, at that point, I had floating some oil droplet with all sorts of chemical recipes inside.
Some of those oil blobs contain a particular combination of chemicals that made them incorporate materials from the outside, and so the blobs grew up.
And they started to divide.
In a sense, those were the most primitive cell forms -- those oil droplet.
But those blobs weren't alive, in the current sense, because each of them contained a random recipe of chemicals.
And every time they divide an unequal distribution of chemicals that they contain.
So every crack was a little bit different.
In fact, the blobs that somehow were being differentiated by being better than the time to incorporate the chemicals, they grow more, they would increase more chemicals and they divide more.
They usually lived longer, they were more represented.
It was a form of life, chemical life, very simple, but things became interesting when these blobs learned the trick of abstraction.
In some way that we don't understand these graphs very well, they learned to store information.
They learned to save information, which was the recipe of the cell, in a special chemistry called DNA.
In other words, they were elaborate in this meaningless evolution, a writing system that allowed them to record what they were to be able to replicate.
The amazing thing is that writing system seems to have remained stable since it evolved two billion years ago.
Our recipe, our genes, have exactly the same code, that same writing system.
In fact, every living being is expressed with exactly the same set of letters and the same code.
And one of the things I did just for fun -- we can now write things with this code.
So here I have 100 microscopes, I'm trying to hide the security people of airport.
But it contains -- I took this code -- the code has the common letters that we used to use in this -- and I wrote my personal data on this DNA clip and made it 10 to 22 times.
So if someone wants 100 million copies of my personal card, I have many for all the present -- in fact, for every person in the world and is here.
If it was a climber, I would have put it in a virus and would have spread it in the room.
What was the next step?
Writing DNA was an interesting step.
This caused these cells to be happy another billion years.
But then another big step happened in which things were very different, and it was that these cells started to exchange and communicate information by forming this community of cells.
I don't know if you know, but bacteria can exchange DNA.
That way, for example, evolved resistance to antibiotics.
Some bacteria found a way to avoid penicillin, and they took them to create their little DNA with other bacteria, and now there are a lot of resistance to penicillin because bacteria communicate.
This communication gave place to form communities that, in a way, were together in that, and they established a synergy.
So they would survive or failed together, or that if a community was very successful all the individuals in that community, they were being represented by evolution.
And the inflection point happened when these communities came so much that, in fact, they came together and decided to write the entire community recipe together in a DNA chain.
The next interesting stage for life took another billion years.
And at that stage we have multicellular communities, communities of many different cells working together as one organism.
In fact, we are a molecular community.
We have a lot of cells that don't act alone.
The skin cell doesn't serve without the heart, or the muscles' or the brain, and so on.
So these communities evolved, and more interesting levels were produced than the cell phone, something we call an organism.
The next level happened within these communities.
These began to absorb information.
And to build very special structures that didn't do more than process information in community.
It's the neural structures.
The neurons are the devices that process the information that those cell communities built.
In fact, they started to specialize inside the community being responsible structures to record, understand and convey information.
Those were the brains and the nervous system of those communities.
And that gave them an evolutionary advantage.
Because at that point as individuals -- learning was confined to an organism, and not to the evolutionary time period.
So, an organism could, for example, learn not to eat a certain fruit because I knew a bad thing, and the last time I ate it.
That could happen during the life of an organism because they had built these information processing structures that would have learned for hundreds of thousands of years by death of individuals who ate that fruit.
So the fact that the nervous system built these structures of information is enormously accelerated the evolutionary process.
Because evolution could now happen to an individual.
It could happen in the time necessary to learn.
But then, of course, individuals discovered the trick of communication.
So, for example, the most refined version we know is human language.
If we think about it, it's an amazing invention.
I have a very complicated idea, a vague idea, in your head.
I'm sitting here by emitting some groups, and hopefully building a similar idea, vague and confusion, in his heads that I hold a certain analogy with mine.
But we take something very complicated, we turned it into sound, in sound sequences, and we produce something very complicated in another brain.
That's now allowed us to start as an organism.
In fact, as a humanity, we've started to do abstractions.
Now we go through similar periods to multicellular organisms; we abstract our record methods, presentation and information processing.
For example, the invention of language was a little step in that direction.
The telephone, the computer, the tape tape, the CO2, etc . are the specialized mechanisms that we now build to handle that information.
And that brings us into something much bigger, faster and able to evolve more than we did before.
Now evolution can happen in microseconds.
You saw the evolutionary example of Tom in which it produced some evolution with the program of the program, to our eyes.
And now we've accelerated time scales again.
The first stages of the story that told them took a billion years each.
The next stages, the nervous system and the brain, took about hundreds of millions of years.
The next, language etc., took less than a million years.
And the next, like electronics, seems to take just a few decades.
The process is fed; I guess it's the right word to name something that accelerates its own pace of change.
The more changes, the faster it does.
And I think that's what we see in this explosion of the curve.
We see that the process is fed.
But I won my life by designing computers and I know that the mechanisms that I work to design them wouldn't be possible without the recent computer advances.
But now design objects of such complexity that would be impossible to design them in conventional way.
I don't know that every transistor in that connections machine.
There are billions.
Instead, with the Deception of Tibetan Macintos, we think about a level of abstraction, we put it in the machine and the machine with it does something that could not be, it gets much further and faster than ever before.
In fact, sometimes employing methods that we don't even understand well.
A particularly interesting method that I've been using lately is evolution itself.
We put into the machine an evolutionary process that operates on the scale of the microseconds.
And for example, in the most extreme cases, we can evolve a program from a random sequence of instructions.
We say,``Please, can you run a hundred million sequences of random instructions?
Could you run these sequences of random instructions, run all those programs, and take those that are more about what we want to do? ''
In other words, I define what I want.
Let's say I want to order numbers, to put a simple example.
So we found the programs that are closer to order numbers.
Of course, it's unlikely to have random sequences of instructions, order numbers, so none of them did.
But one, luckily, could take two numbers in the right order.
And I said,``Computers, could you take 10 percent of these random sequences that you better did the task?
Let's give those and eliminate the rest.
And now we reproduce the best numbers.
And we're going to play back by following a process of analog collaboration to sex . ''
Let's take two programs, which will give you children, that are encouraging suburban, and that children inherit the properties of both programs.
So we got a new generation of programs of programs of programs that had a little bit more successful.
And we say,``Please repeat the process . ''
It grades again.
It introduced some mutations.
And it tries again, and it's a repeat with another generation.
Well, every generation takes a few milliseconds.
So, I can do the equivalent of millions of years of evolution in a few minutes or, in complicated cases, in a few hours.
At the end, we ended up with programs that ordered numbers, absolutely perfect.
In fact, they're much more efficient programs than I could have written by hand.
If I look at those programs, I can't say how they work.
I've tried to analyze them to see how they work.
They're dark programs, strangers.
But they fill the commit.
In fact, I know, I have the security that they get the target, because they come from a lineage of hundreds of thousands of programs that did it.
In fact, their lives depend on doing it.
Once he was in a 747 with Martin Ministry, and he pulled a card and he says,``Look at this.
He says,``This airplane has hundreds of thousands of pieces working together to offer a safe flight ."Don't make you feel quiet?
We know that engineering processes don't work very well when they're complicated.
So we started to depend on computers to make design processes.
And that allows us to produce things much more complex than the normal engineering.
However, we don't understand the whole choices that there are.
In that sense, it goes ahead of us.
Now we use those programs to make computers much faster, and so we can execute these programs much faster.
I mean, it feeds.
Things go faster and faster, and that's why I think it seems so confused.
Because all of these technologies are fed.
We're waking up.
And we're at an analog moment to the single-celled organisms when they become multicellular.
We are the amoeba and we can't understand what the hell we're creating.
We're at the tipping point.
But I think something comes behind us.
I think it would be very arrogant to think that we are the final product of evolution.
And I think we're all part of the creation of whatever it comes.
But now it comes lunch and I think I'll stop here before I get rid.
I think we have to do something with a piece of medical culture that has to change.
And I think this starts with a doctor, and that's me.
And I've been exercising enough time to allow me to get part of my fake presidency on that.
Before I treat the theme of my talk, let's talk a little baseball.
Why not?
We're close to the end, the World Series.
We love baseball, right?
baseball is full of amazing statistics.
There are hundreds of statistics.
He's going to go out``Lead the rules"-- talks about statistics and using them to form a great baseball team.
I'll focus on one of them, and I hope that many of you know it.
It's called a battery.
And we talked about 300, from a battery that battery 300.
That means that biomechanics effectively, three of 10 times.
That means throwing the ball into the game field without being caught, and that anyone who tries to launch it at first base, doesn't get in time, and the second base will be saved.
Three.
You know how to call a 300 in the Great League?
Well, really good, maybe the team of stars.
You know how they call a 400 baseball battery?
By the way, that's someone who from 10 taps, access four.
Lego -- like the legendary Ted Williams, the last player of the Major League of baseball in running more 400 hits in a regular season.
Now let's move this into my world of medicine where I feel much more comfortable, or maybe less uncomfortable, after what I'll tell you today.
Suppose you have applications and you're derived to a surgeon that has also a record of 400 in applications.
That doesn't work, right?
Now suppose that they live in a distant place, and a desired being has two obligation arteries, and their family doctor gives it to a cardiologist whose angle in anthropology is 200.
But, you know something?
She's getting better this year.
And they have been 25.
This is not working.
But I'll ask you.
What do you think that should be the average adversaries of a heart surgeon or a prosthetic surgeon, from a nurse or a generic blockage?
1,000, very well.
And the truth of the issue is that no one in medicine knows the actions of a good surgeon, from a doctor or a doctor.
What we do, however, is send them into the world, and I include, with the mandate of being perfect.
That never, ever, they make a mistake and worried to figure out how to do it right.
That was the message that I admired when I was in medical school.
I was a computer obstacle.
Once, a fellow in high school said Brian Goldman studied to a blood exam.
That's what.
I studied in my little destination, in the nurses of the General General Hospital, not far from here.
And I learned all of memory.
From my kind of anatomy, memory of the origin and the muscle work, the branching of every artery coming out of the air, the diagnostic differential diagnosis and the nonprofit.
And I even knew the diagnostic diagnosis about how to classify kidney smoking.
And as much as they accumulate more and more knowledge.
And I was very good; I graduated with honor.
And you go from medical school with the impression that if you memorize everything, then I would know everything, or most possible, close to everything, because that's how I would communicate from mistakes.
And it worked for a time, until I met Mrs. Drake.
I was a resident in a university hospital here, in Toronto when brought to the Dr. Drama to emergency emergency service.
At that point, I was assigned to the cardiology service.
And when you emergency, I was able to get a cardiologist to get into that patient.
And to report the chief of residents.
When I saw Mrs. Drake, he was running.
I heard a self-confident sound.
And when the crowd, I heard a surrounding sound on both sides, which gave me a connectivity heart failure.
In these conditions, the heart stops working, and instead of pumping blood forward, blood goes to lungs, these are filled with blood, and so there's difficulty to breathe.
And it wasn't hard to diagnose.
I did it, and I went to work in the treatment I would give.
He gave him aspirin and medication to alleviate pressure in his heart.
He gave him directors, water pills, so that he could eliminate liquid.
And in an hour or two, she started feeling better.
And I felt very well.
And that's when he turned the first mistake; he sent her home.
Actually, I made two more mistakes.
He sent her home without talking to the chief of residents.
I didn't raise the telephone, I didn't do what I should have done, which was to call my boss and get it out to see it.
And if my boss would have seen it, I would have been able to bring a complementary information.
Maybe I did it for a good reason.
Maybe I didn't want to be a resident that required constant attention.
Maybe I wanted to be so successful and able to take responsibility, that I could take care of my patients without even contact my boss.
The second mistake that I committed was worse.
By sending her home, he didn't pay attention to a voice in my interior who said,``Goldman, it's not a good idea . Don't do it . ''
In fact, I was so insecure that I was asking the nurse to take care of Mrs. Drake,``Do you think it's okay if you go home? ''
And the nurse thought, and then he said,``Yes, I think it's going to be good . ''
I remember that as if it was yesterday.
And so he signed the high, and the ambulance along with the participants took her home.
And I went back to the hospital room.
The rest of that day, that afternoon, I had a bad presentation in the stomach.
But I went on with my work.
At the end of the day, I packed to leave the hospital and walked into the parking room where my car was to go home . At that point I did something that I don't normally do.
I went through the emergency emergency service.
And there's another nurse, not the one who cared about the Dr. Drama before, but another . He told me three words, those three words that most of the emergency physicians fear.
Other specialists fear it as well, but there's a particle in emergency, and that is that we see the patients who are played.
The three words are: You remember?
\" Do you remember the patient who sent home? ''
I asked the other nurse with total nature.
\" Well, she came back ,"with the same voice tone.
She went right.
But I went back and on the verge of death.
In the course of an hour of having reached home, after I gave her the high, he suffered a collapse and his family called 911; the paradigms brought her into emergency emergency emergency pressure, which means a severe shock.
I barely breathe and was blue.
The emergency staff deployed all its resources.
They gave it medication to climb the artificial pressure.
They put an artificial breath.
I was destined and saved to the spinal cord.
He had a mixture of feelings because after the stabilize was in intensive therapy and expected against all hope that would recover.
And in the two or three days, it was evident that would never wake up.
He had an irreversible brain damage.
The family came together.
And in eight or nine days, they went into what was happening.
And the ninth day, they let it go . Mrs. Drug, wife, mother and grandmother.
They say they never forget the names that they die.
That was my first experience.
The next weeks, I was punished by that and experienced for the first time, the evil shame that exists in our medical culture and felt just, isolated, without feeling that healthy shame because you can't talk to your colleagues.
You make the peace and never make that error.
It's that shame that leaves a teaching.
The evil shame that I talk about is the one that makes us feel very bad inside.
It's the one that tells us not that the thing we did was wrong, but we are bad.
And that felt.
And it wasn't my boss; he was a love.
I talked to the family, and I'm sure that I'd hold things out and make sure that I would not be sued.
And I kept asking those questions.
Why didn't I ask my boss? Why did he send her home?
And in my worst moments, why did I make a mistake so silly?
Why chose medicine?
Little at the very little bit of that feeling was spreading.
And I started feeling better.
And on a cloudy day, the sky opened up the sky and finally came out, and I wondered if I would feel better again.
And I did a deal with myself in which if I cut the efforts to be perfect to be perfect to make more mistakes, I would make those voices.
And so it was.
I went back to work.
But he went back.
Two years later, it was help in the emergency department in a community hospital north of Toronto, and I got a 25 year-old man with a pain in the throat.
I was very busy.
And he was dreaming here.
I looked at his throat, was a little bit colorful.
He wrote penicillin, and he sent him home.
But while he ran to the door, he kept pointing his throat.
Two days later, when I came to make my guard change, my boss asked to talk to myself in his office.
And I set up the three words: You remember?
Remember the patient who saw for a pain in the throat?
So he came back and didn't have a strategic farm.
He had a potentially deadly approach called Eipose.
You can look for it in Google . It's an infection, not the throat, but from the top airline, and that can cause the close of those tracks.
He, fortunately, failed.
He's managed to go antibiotics, and he recovered to the few days.
And they went through the same period of shame and repertoire, and then I was relieved and returned, until over again and again, and again.
Two times in the same emergency tour, not displaced.
And it's a great effort, especially working in a hospital, because it's 14 patients at the same time.
But in both cases, I didn't send them home and I don't think it's been a stranger.
One of them thought he had a kidney calculation.
They order a kidneys X-ray, but it turned out, a colleague that was checking the patient perceived a certain sensitivity in the lower right quadrant and called the surgeon.
The other patient was with a lot of diarrhea.
I read liquid, and I asked my colleague to check it.
You reviewed it, and when you noticed some sensitivity in the lower right-hand corner, I called the surgeon.
Both were operated, and they recovered well.
But every case I was shocked, I was struck.
But I'd like to tell you that I made the worst errors in the first five years of exercise, and as a lot of colleagues say, it's a speech.
The most significant ones have been over the last five years.
Just, ashamed and without support.
And here's the problem: if I can't be free and talk about my mistakes, if I can't find the voice that tells me what's really going on, how can I share this with my colleagues?
How do you teach them this so that they don't commit the same mistakes?
If I was going into a place like this, I would have no idea what you think of me.
When was the last time you heard someone talking about failure, after failure, after failure?
Of course, in a party you'll hear the mistakes of other doctors, but you're not going to hear someone talking about their own mistakes.
And if I knew and my colleagues as well, that a transit in my hospital was wearing the wrong leg, believe me that I would have difficulty to look at it.
This is the system we have.
The total denial denial.
It's the system where there are two positions: those who make mistakes and the ones that can't sleep and the ones that don't sleep and the ones that have pressure and those who have great results.
And it's almost like an ideological reaction, as antibodies that start to attack that person.
We have the idea that if we go from medicine to people who make mistakes, we'll get a safe system.
But that brings two problems.
In 20 years, about broadcast and medical journalism, I've done a personal study of bad medical papers and medical errors to learn how possible, from the first article I wrote for the Toronto State to my program,``White Coat, Black Art ."which is black art.
And what I learned is that errors are ubiquitous.
We work in a system where the errors happen every day, where one in every 10 representative drugs in the hospital are wrong, or dynamic is not right, in a system where the hospital-acquired infections are increasingly, and more numerous, causing chaos and death.
In this country, it die of 24,000 candidate for preventable medical errors.
The U.S. Medical Institute established 100,000.
In both cases, it's about barbarian substitutions, because we're not destroying the problem as we should.
And so there's things.
A hospital system where knowledge is multiplied every two or three years, and we don't update.
The privacy of sleep invaded.
And we can't get rid of it.
We have cognitive biases that allow you to make a perfect history of a patient with pain in your chest.
Now, let's take the same patient with a pain in the chest, it comes crazy with short eyes and alcohol to alcohol, and all of a sudden, my story has gone away.
It's not the same story.
I'm not a robot; I don't do things always the same.
And my patients are not cars . They don't relate their symptoms always in the same way.
For all this, mistakes are inevitable.
So, if we took the system as they taught us, and we removed all the professional professionals to error, well, no one left.
And with respect that people don't want to talk about their most serious cases?
In my program,``white delat, black art ,"it's already a habit to say,``This is my worst mistake ."I would say to everybody, from the paradigms to the heart of heart surgery,``This is my worst mistake ,"blah blah, blah, blah,``What are your mistakes?"And I would run
And their students would stop, they'll go back, they'll go down their head and swallow saliva and start telling their stories.
They want to tell their stories, they want to share them.
You want to say,``Look, don't commit the same mistake . ''
They need a context where they can do it.
They need a reduction medical culture.
And it starts with a doctor every time.
The redefine doctor is human, it's known, human, accepts it, and it's not proud of its mistakes, but it's effort to learn from what happened to teach others.
I share your experiences with them.
It's support for those who talk about their mistakes.
It pointed out the errors of other people, not the intention of catching them, but in a loving way and support for everyone to benefit.
And it works in a medical culture that recognizes human beings run the system, and when this happens, they commit errors of time in when.
My name is Brian Goldman.
I'm a redefined doctor.
I'm human, I make mistakes.
And I'm really sorry to learn something that can convey others.
I don't know what you think of me, but I can live with that.
And let me conclude with three personal words: I remember it.
You know how many decisions we take a day?
Do you know how much we choose in a week?
I recently made a survey to more than 2,000 people and the average amount of choices that I choose to choose a medium American, is about 70 a day.
Not very much, in a research followed for a week to a group of companies of companies.
The researchers recorded the different tasks that were unemployed by these executives and the time they used to make decisions related to those tasks.
They found that, on average, they make 13 jobs per week.
Naturally, every work includes many dimensions.
Half of those decisions took nine minutes or less.
Only 12 percent required an hour or more of their time.
Now think of your choices.
Do you know how many of you belong to the nine minutes category, and how many people?
How do you grade the way that you handle those decisions?
Today I want to talk about one of the biggest problems today: choose to the optimism of options.
I want to talk about the problem and some possible solutions.
While I talk about this, I'm going to ask you a few questions and I need to know their answers.
When I ask a question, as I am blind, raise your hand only if you want to burn calories.
Otherwise, when I ask a question, if your answer is positive please give a palm.
And now my first question of the day: Are you ready to hear about the problem of the choice of options?
Thank you.
Being a graduate student at Stanford University, I had this very, very high level of level -- at least in that time it was very sophisticated.
It was called Dreak.
It was almost like going to a amusement park.
There were like 250 different kinds of mustard and vinegar, over 500 different types of fruit and vegetables and about 25 of the water packed, and this was when we had the water water.
I loved going to that store, but at one occasion I asked myself, why would I never buy anything?
This is the state of olive oil.
They had over 75 different classes, including those who were in the sealed box that came from military trees.
I once decided to visit the manager, and I said,``Does this strategy work well, this strategy of offering all these options? ''
He pointed out the buses full of tourists that came every day, usually with their cameras.
So, we decided to do a little experiment with memories.
hallway.
They had 3.4 different classes.
We set up a post to get into, right to the store of the store.
We put there merculture of six tastes, or from 24 different flavors, and we looked at two things: First, what is the case people were willing to stop to try the memory?
More people stopped when there were 24 -- 60 percent, that when there were only six , 40 percent.
We also looked at what case they were more likely to buy a memory email.
Here's the opposite effect.
The ones who stopped when there was 24, only three percent came to buy memory.
When there were six, we saw that 30 percent bought memory.
If we do the calculations, people had six times more likely to buy a toll if they found six, that if they found 24.
Well, to decide that we don't buy a mistake, we're probably going to get us, at least it's good to conserve the line, but it turns out that the problem of the choice of options affects us in momentous decisions.
We decided not to decide, even when this doesn't get us.
Now the theme of day: financial savings.
I'm going to describe a study that I did with Joe Harvard, Emily Kamen and Wei Janine, where we see the decisions about savings for about a million Americans, about 65 plans in this country.
We were interested in seeing if the number of space supply available to retirement plans, the 404 program, disabled people to save for the future.
And we found that there was actually a correlation.
We had 65 plans that went from two, to 59 different options.
We found that the greater the number of funds offered, there were less participation.
So if we look at the extremes, we see that in the plans that offer two funds, the participation rate was 70 percent or more, not as high as I wanted.
And on the plans that offered about 60 funds, the participation rate disappeared to the 60 percentile.
It turns out that even if you decide to participate, when there are more options, even in that case, there are negative consequences.
So for those who decided to participate, the greater the number of options, the more people were encouraged by avoiding actions or investment funds.
As soon there were more options, they were more willing to invest in the financial accounts of market.
But none of these extreme decisions are the ones that we would recommend to optimize the future financial welfare.
In the previous decade, we've seen three main negative consequences by offering more and more possibilities.
The most likely thing is that they put the decision, that they apply it even when this goes against the self-interest.
It's more likely to take the worst decisions; in finance and health.
They're more likely to pick things less satisfying, even though they're getting better.
The main reason is that we have to look at that giant variety of Madine, mustard, vinegar and memory, but we're not able to do the calculations to compare and contract and choose from that awesome exhibition.
Today I want to give you four simple techniques that we've tested, in a way or another, in different research, so that they can test in their business.
The first is, Cortuga.
You've already heard it before, but it's never been more true than today, less than it is.
People always bother when I say,``Cut . ''
They worry about losing space in the alarm.
But actually, what we're looking at is that if you decide to cut, get rid of strange redundant options, there will be an increase in the sales, you'll go down the costs, there will be a better experience in choice.
When Project & Gamble went from 26 different types of Head & Show to 15, you saw a 10 percent increase in sales.
When corporations Goldman Cat eliminated the products for cats that were less sold, they increase the users in 87 percent, for two causes: greater sales and lower costs.
You know, the supermarkets today, on average, offer 45,000 products.
In a Wal-Mart store, there are about 100,000 products.
But the biggest store in the current world is agile, and it provides only 1,400 products -- a kind of tomato sauce in the tin.
In the world of financial savings, I think that one of the best examples that you've come up with about how to handle the choices is the blueprint of David Labs, the Harvard program.
All Harvard employees are automatically embedded to a life insurance fund.
They really want to choose, they're offered 20 funds, not 300 or more.
You know, people often say,``I don't know how to cut.
They're all important options . ''
The first thing I do is ask employees,``Tell me the differences that are among those options.
And if their employees cannot differentiate, they cannot do their clients . ''
This afternoon, before I started this session, I was chatting with Gary.
He told me that he would be willing to offer people in this audience a few vacation with everything to the most beautiful road in the world.
Here, a description.
I want you to read it.
I'm going to leave a few seconds to read it, and then I want you to give a applause if you're ready to take the side of Gary.
Now, anybody who's ready to accept the supply.
Aren't they?
Well, I'm going to show you something else.
You knew there was a trick.
Who's ready for that journey?
I think I really agreed to hear more hands.
All right.
In fact, you had more information in the first round, that in the second one, but I can be able to say that you thought the second time was more real.
Because the images made it more real.
This brings me to the second technique to handle the problem of the choice of options, which is to concentrate.
For people to understand the differences between options, they have to understand the consequences of every choice, and that consequences must feel very much, very concrete.
Why are people spending 15 to 30 percent more on average when they use debit cards or credit cards, than when they use cash?
Because it doesn't seem like real money.
It turns out to make it look more real, it can be a very positive tool for people to save more.
We did a study with Shall Benoit and Alexander President, about United Nations person who worked at NGOs, these people were in a meeting where they were being applied to 401 plan.
To that meeting, that we thought exactly how it was used, we made a little addition.
What we added was that we requested the staff to think of the positive things that would happen in their lives if they were saving more money.
With this minute there was an increase in the self-interest of 20 percent and an increase in the amount that they were interested in saving or what they wanted to put in their savings accounts, four percent.
The third technique is classify.
We can handle more categories than options.
For example, this is a study that we did in a magazine hall.
We saw that in the Webble supermarkets, it's along the northeast row, the magazine exhibition can contain from 31st different kinds of 41st.
But, you know?
Because classification tells me how to differentiate them.
These are two kids of jewelry.
One is called``Jack"and the other,``Swiss . ''
If you think the one on the left is Swiss and the one on the right is Jack, they give a palm.
Well, there are some.
If you think the one on the left is Jack, and the one on the right is Swiss, give a palm.
Well, something else.
It turns out it's right.
The one on the left is Jack, and the one on the right is Swiss . But, you know something?
This classification scheme is completely useless.
The categories must indicate something that I choose, not the one that defines them.
You often see this problem with those huge fundraising lists.
Especially who are they reporting?
My fourth category: Convenient complexity.
It turns out that we can handle much more information than we think, if we just simplify it a little bit.
We have to increase complexity gradually.
I'm going to show you an example of what I mean.
Let's see a complicated decision; the buy of a car.
This is a German manufacturer of cars that allowed them completely.
You have to take 60 decisions, to build the car.
And these decisions vary in the number of options that offer each one.
Color, foreign color of the car . I have 56 possibilities.
engine, change box; four options.
What I'm going to do is vary the order in which decisions appear.
So half of the customers are going to go from many options , 56 colors, to a few, four boxes.
The other half of the customers are going to go from a few options, four boxes , 56 colors, many options.
And what am I going to look at?
How involved you are.
If you're always aware of the default button in every decision, this indicates that you're overwhelmed, you're losing them.
We found that those who go from a lot of options to a few other options, they open the button, again and again, and another.
We lose them.
If you go from a few options to many, you continue there.
Same information, the same number of options.
The only thing I did was alter the order that information is presented.
If we start with the easy, you learn to choose.
Although the choosing box doesn't say anything about the preferences of inner decoration, anyway, we prepare to choose.
We're excited about a product that we're building that now has more hooked with the process.
To summarize.
I've talked about four techniques to mitigate the problem of the choice of options: Cortuga, eliminating strange alternatives -- to agree, make it real; classify, we can handle more categories with less options; to raise complexity.
All these techniques that I've introduced you were designed to help manage alternatives -- or better, to use them in their issues, or for people who serve.
So I think the key to getting the best of a choice is being careful to choose.
And the more careful we are in our choices, we'll be able to practice the art of choosing.
Thank you very much.
In the 1980s, in the Eastern East Germany, if you had a writing machine, I had to record it to government.
I had to record a sheet of an example of an example written with the machine.
And this so that the government could trace the origin of the texts.
If you found a writer with the wrong message, you could trace the footprint to the origin of the idea.
In the West, we didn't think someone could do this, so much that this limited the freedom of expression.
We would never do that in our countries.
But today, in 2011, if you buy a laser color printer of any big manufacturer and print a page, that page will end up having a few printed yellow dots on every page that makes them themselves and their printer.
That's happening today.
And nobody seems to be a lot of randomness for this.
This is an example of the ways our governments use technology against us, citizens.
And it's one of the three main causes of problems on the network.
If we see what happens in the online world, we can fix the attacks according to their attacks.
There are three main groups.
The cybercriminals are the cybercriminals.
Like Mr. Dieboo Gulf in the city of Kiev, in Ukraine.
The mobile phone is very easy to understand.
These guys make money.
They use cyberattacks to earn a lot of money, a lot of money.
There are really many cases of millions online, multi-distinct, that won money with their attacks.
This is Vladimir Tasmania, from Tata, Estonia.
This is Alfred Gong.
This is Stephen Watt.
This is Ben Sudan.
These are Matthew Anderson, Tarani Alland etc., etc., etc.
These guys do their online fortune, but they do it by illegal means through banking trees to steal money from our accounts when we buy online, or steal our keys to get information from our cards when we buy on an infected computer.
The U.S. secret service, two months ago, frozen the Swiss account of this gentleman, Sam Jain, and this account had 14 million dollars when it was frozen.
Mr. Jain goes down; he's discovered his stop.
And I say today is more likely that any of us is a victim of a cybercrime than a real crime.
And it's very obvious that this goes from bad at worst.
In the future, most of the crimes will happen online.
The second group of attacks in importance that we see today is not motivated by money.
There's another thing that moves them, they motivate them, they motivate the views, they motivate the laughter.
groups like Anonymous have downloaded in the last 12 months by occupying a role in the online attacks.
Those are the three main attacks: criminals that do it for money, hackers like Anonymous who do it to protest and the last group is the national states that attack.
And then we see cases like Digital.
That's a good example of government attack against its own citizens.
Digital is a condition authority of the Netherlands or, actually, it was.
He declared the last fall because of a savings.
They served the safety of the site, and they would perceive a cyberattacks.
Last week I asked, in a meeting with the representatives of the Dutch government, I asked one of the leaders if they found the death of people because of the attack to Digital.
And the answer of him was yes.
So how do people die because of a attack of these?
Digital is a certified authority.
They sell certified.
What do the certificate serve?
Well, you need if you have a website, you have a website, Secretonia Secretors, services like Gmail.
Except to intercept an foreign certified authority.
They pick up accelerations.
And in the case of Digital happened exactly that.
And what happened at the Arab Spring and those things that have happened, for example, in Egypt?
Well, in Egypt, the protesters were saving the headquarters of the Egyptian secret police in April 2011 and during the rise of the building, found a lot of paper.
Among those papers, there was this folder called``Starbucks . ''
And within that folder, there were notes of a company in Germany that had sold the Egyptian government tools to intercept large-scale communications of the country's citizens.
This tool had sold for 280 euros to the Egyptian government.
The company's headquarters is right here.
I mean, Western governments provide tools to totalitarian governments so that they do this to their citizens.
But Western governments are also doing this themselves.
For example, in Germany, just a couple of weeks ago, he found the Scottish trailer -- a transit used by the German government officers to investigate their own citizens.
If you're suspicious in a good criminal case, it's pretty obvious that your phone is intervene.
But today it goes beyond.
The Internet connection is introduced.
They're going to use even tools like the Transparent Trenching to infect our computer with a transit to allow them to see all the communication, and listen online online, to get our data.
When we think carefully about things like this, the obvious answer should be``Well, it seems bad, but I don't really affect because I'm a honest citizen.
Why worry?
I have nothing to hide . ''
And that argument doesn't make sense.
It's in play.
Privacy doesn't argue.
It's not a question of privacy against security.
It's about freedom against control.
If we could trust our governments today in 2011, any right that we receive today, it will be forever.
Is it blind in any future government, in an administration that we could have within 50 years?
These are the questions that should worry about the next 50 years.
This is where I live . I live in Kenya, in the south of Nairobi National Park.
These are the cows of my dad, at the bottom, and behind the cows, the National Park of Nairobi.
The Nairobi National Park has no closer part of the South, which means that wild animals like the goats migrate freely outside of the park.
And predators, like lions, follow them, and this is what they do.
They kill our livestock.
This is one of you who killed at night, and so soon we got up in the morning and found it dead, I felt very bad, because it was the only bull we had.
My community, the masses, we think we came from the sky with our animals and all the land to break them, and so we value them so much.
So I grew up with the lions.
They die are warriors that protect our community and livestock, and they're also upset with the problem.
So kill lions.
This is one of the six lions that killed in Nairobi.
So I think there are so few in the National Park in Nairobi.
A child in my community, in the age of six at nine, is responsible for his father's cattle, and this was the same thing that happened to me.
So I had to find a way to solve this problem.
My first idea was to use fire, because I thought the lions were afraid.
But I realized that actually this didn't serve, because even helped the lions see the stable.
I didn't laugh . I continued.
A second idea was to use a bird.
I tried to deceive the lions to believe that I was near the stable.
But the lions are very smart . They came the first day and saw the sparks, and they went, but the second day, they came back and said, this thing doesn't move, it's always here . So they jumped and killed animals.
So one night, I was walking around the stable with an torch, and that day the lions didn't come.
He discovered that lions are afraid of the light that moves.
So I had an idea.
And I got a switch that I'll start with and turn the lights off.
And this is a little lamp of a broken flashlight.
It's all over.
As you can see, the solar panel load the battery, and the battery supply electricity to the little box, and I call it a transformation.
And the Indian box makes light out.
As you can see, the bulbs go out, because that's where the lions come from.
And this is how you see the lions when you come at night.
The lights flash and deceive the lions to think that I'm walking through the stable, but I'm sleeping in my bed.
Thank you.
So I put them in my house two years ago, and since then, we never had trouble with lions.
And the neighborhood houses heard the idea.
One of them is from this grandmother.
She had killed a lot of animals the lions and asked me if I could put the lights.
I said yes.
I put them . You can see the bottom, these are the lions for lions.
Since then, I've installed them in seven houses in my community, and they're serving a lot.
And my idea is also used by all Kenya, to scare other predators like hyena, leopards, and also being used to shoot elephants from the farm.
Thank you to this invention, I was fortunate enough to get a scholarship in one of the best schools in Kenya, Brooklyn International School, and I'm very excited.
My new school now is helping raise funds and consciousness.
I even took my friends to my community and install lights in the houses that don't have them, and I teach them how to put them.
So, one year ago, it was just a child in the pressures of the savanna spreading the cows of my father, and I used to see airplanes flying, and he told me that someday it would be inside one.
And here I am.
I got the opportunity to come in airplane for the first time to TED.
My big dream is to get to be an engineer of aviation and pilot.
I used to hate lions, but now as my invention is saving the cows of my dad and the lions, we can be with the lions without any conflict.
Al wave . What in my tongue means thank you very much.
Chris Anderson: You don't imagine how exciting it is to hear a story like yours.
So you got a scholarship . Richard Turing: Yeah.
CA: You're working on other electrical inventions.
What is the next one on your list?
RL: My next invention is -- I want to do an electrical fence . CA: An electric fence?
RL: I know you've already invented electric fences, but I want to do mine.
CA: I tried it once, right, and you -- R: I tried it before, but because I got a skull . CA: At the foot of the cannon . Richard Turing, you're a big thing.
We're going to encourage in every step that you give, friend of mine.
Thank you very much . RAM: Thank you very much.
When I was little, I thought my country was the best one.
And I grew up singing a song called``Do nothing . ''
And I felt very proud.
In school, we spent all the time studying Kim ICE story, but we never learned a lot about the rest of the world, except that America, South Korea, Japan are the enemies.
But I sometimes wondered about the rest of the world, I thought I would spend my whole life in North Korea until everything changed suddenly.
When I was seven, I saw my first public execution.
But I thought my life in North Korea was normal.
My family wasn't poor and I was never hungry.
But one day, in 1995, my mom brought home a letter from my sister's colleague.
He said,``When you read this, the five members of the family will stop existence in this world, because we haven't eaten in the last two weeks.
We're registered together on the floor, and our bodies are so weak, we're prepared to die . ''
I was very altered.
It was the first time I heard that people were suffering in my country.
At the time, when I walked in front of the train station, I saw something terrible I can't erase from my memory.
One without life was dead in the street, holding a scarce child in his arms looking at her mother without being able to do anything.
Nobody helped them, because they were very concerned about taking care of themselves and their families.
A huge famine leaves North Korea in the middle of the 1990s.
In the end, over one million Koreans died during famine and only few survived eating grass, insects and tree cortex.
They also became more and more frequent the energy cuts, all around me was completely dark at night except for the sea lights in China, just crossing the river from my house.
I always wondered why they had light and we don't.
This is a satellite picture of North Korea at night compared to neighboring countries.
This is the America River, which serves the limit between Korea and China.
As you can see, the river can be very harmful at certain points, allowing North Koreans to secretly cross.
But many die.
Sometimes, I saw bodies floating in the river.
I can't reveal the details of how it comes from North Korea, but I can only say that over the years of famine, I was sent to China to live with distant relatives.
But I just thought I'd be separated from my family by short time.
I could never have imagined that I would take 14 years back to live together.
In China, it was difficult to live as a young woman without my family.
I had no idea what life would be like.
But soon I learned that it's not just extremely difficult, but also dangerous, because the North refugees in China were considered illegal immigrants.
So I was living with a constant fear that my identity was revealed, and it would be reproduced to a horrible destination back in North Korea.
One day, my worst nightmare was made, when I was arrested by the Chinese police and got involved in the police station.
Someone had accused me for being normal, then they looked at my skills in Chinese language and asked me many questions.
I was terrified.
I thought my heart was going to explode.
If it didn't look natural, it could be incarcerated and depressed.
I thought my life was going to end.
But I managed to control my emotions and answered questions.
At the end of the interrogation, an officer told another,``This was a false report . She's not normal . ''
And they let me go . It was a miracle.
Some Koreans in China seek asylum in foreign embassies.
But many can be arrested by the Chinese police and sports.
These women had a lot of luck.
Though they've captured them, they were eventually released after a harsh international pressure.
These Koreans weren't so lucky.
Every year, North Koreans are captured in China and deposited to North Korea, where they're tortured, jailed or executed in public.
Although I was lucky to escape, many other Koreans haven't been so lucky.
It's tragic that the Koreans have to hide their identities and fight so hard just to survive.
Even after learning a new language and find work, all of its world can be killed in an instant.
That's why, after 10 years of hiding my identity, I decided to get into South Korea.
And I started a new life again.
In South Korea, it was a much greater challenge than I expected.
The English was very important in South Korea, I had to start learning my third language.
Also, I understood that there was a great gap between North and South.
We're all Korean, but inside, we've become very different because of 67 years of division.
They even go through a crisis of identity.
Am I a South or North of North?
Where am I? Who am I?
Suddenly there was no country that could call me with pride me.
Although to adapt to life in South Korea was not easy, I made a plan . I started studying for the income exam to college.
Just when I started to adapt to my new life, I got an alarming call.
The North Korean authorities introduced some money that sent my family, and, as a punishment, my family was going to be displaced to the force to a location on the outskirts.
They had to flee immediately immediately.
I started planning how to help them escape.
The Koreans have to travel long distances on the way to freedom.
It's almost impossible to cross the border between North Korea and South Korea.
So, ironically, I took a flight to China, and I went into the border with North Korea.
Because my family couldn't speak Chinese, I had to turn them, somehow, for over 3,000 miles across China, and then through the Southeast Asia.
The bus trip took a week, and we almost were caught several times.
Once, our bus was arrested and addressed by an official of the Chinese police.
I asked everybody's identification, and started asking them questions.
As my family couldn't understand Chinese, I thought my family was going to be arrested.
When the Chinese officer came to my family, I immediately stood up and told him that they were deaf people who was accompanying.
I looked at me honestly, but luckily believed me.
We did all the way to the border of Laos.
But I had to spend almost all my money to bribe the border guards in Laos.
But even after I spent the border, my family was arrested and imprisoned to cross the border illegally.
And after I paid tickets and bribes, my family was released in a month.
But in the time, my family was arrested and incarcerated again in the Lapa capital.
This was one of the lowest points in my life.
I did everything to release my family, and we were so close, but my family was held in prison at the distance of the South Korean Embassy.
I went and came between the immigration office and the police station, desperately trying to release my family.
But he didn't have enough money to pay more bribes or multiple.
I lost hope.
At that point, or the voice of a man asked,``What is the problem? ''
I was so surprised that a stranger would mind to ask.
With my poor English and a dictionary, I explained the situation, and without doubt, the man was to the ATM, and he gave me the rest of the money for my family and for another two North Koreans and bring them out of prison.
I thank him with all my heart, and I asked him,``Why do I help me? ''
\" I'm not helping you ,"he told me.
\" I'm helping the North people . ''
I realized that was a symbolic moment in my life.
The nice unknown symbolizes a new hope for me and for the North people when we needed it.
And I showed you that the kindness of the unknown and the support of the international community are really the rays of hope that the North people needs.
Over time, after our long journey, my family and I met in South Korea.
But to achieve its freedom is only half the battle.
Many Koreans are separated from their families, and when they go up to a new country, they start with little or nothing money.
So, we can benefit from the international community with education, English language practices, work practice, and more.
We can also act as a bridge between people inside North Korea and the rest of the world.
Because many of us continue in contact with families still inside, and we send information and money that's helping to change North Korea from inside.
I've been very lucky, I've received a lot of help and inspiration in my life, so I want to help the Koreans an opportunity to thrive with international support.
I'm sure you're going to see more and more North of all across the world, including on the TED stage.
Thank you.
I live in South Central.
This is South Central: list stores, fast food, batteries.
So the city planners came together and thought, we're going to change the name of South Central so that it represents something else, so they changed it to the South Angeles, as if this would fix what's actually wrong in the city.
This is the South Angeles . There's license stores, fast food, batteries.
Just like 65 million other Americans, living in a food desert, the South Central Angeles, home of food places to take and eat in the car.
The curious thing is that the food places to take kill more people than food in the car.
People are dying of curable diseases in the South Central Angeles.
For example, the rate of obesity in my neighborhood is five times bigger than, say, Beverly Hills, which is about 15 miles away.
I'm tired of seeing that this happens.
And I wonder, how would you feel if you didn't have access to healthy food, and if every time you come home, you see the harmful effects that the current food system has in your neighborhood?
I see chairs of compressed wheelchair and sold cars.
I see centers of public dilemmas like Starbucks.
And I consider this to stop.
I consider the problem is the solution.
Food is the problem, and it's the solution.
I also got tired of driving 45 minutes of the way and turn to buy an apple that doesn't have pesticides.
What I did, it was to plant a food forest in front of my house.
In a piece of land we call a garden.
It's about 45 feet away.
The point is, it belongs to the city.
But you have to keep it.
I said,``Well, I can do what I'm coming in, because it's my responsibility and I have to keep it . ''
That's how I decided to keep it.
So my group and I, L.A. Green Group, we put together and start to plant our food forest, fruit trees, you know, the nine full vegetables.
What we do, we are a kind of a group that's paid by the edges of all the procedures, all over the city and completely voluntary, and everything we do is free.
And the garden, he was beautiful.
Then someone complained.
The city came on to me, and in summary, they gave me a book saying that I had to retire my garden, the literature was made a warrant.
And I said,``Come, really?
A judicial order for planting food in a piece of land that no one matters?'"So, I was like,``Well, let's get it up . ''
Because this time wasn't going to happen.
L.A. had the story written by Steve Lower, and I talked to the office and one of Green Grove members, who put a petition in CherkD, with 900 signatures, were successful.
We had the victory in our hands.
My speaker even called to say that they were saving and they adore what we were doing.
I mean, we go, why not?
L.A. is the city of America with more laughter.
It's 60 miles of batteries.
That's about 20 Central Park.
That's enough space to plant 72 million plant plants.
Why don't you think this?
It's a plant to give about a thousand , 10,000 seeds.
When a dollar of shoes will give you 75 dollars of results.
It's my hymn, when I tell people, they grow your own food.
You cultivate your own food, it's how you print your own money.
You see, I have a legacy for South Central.
I grew up there . I raised my kids there.
I was part of this manufacturing reality that was manufacturing for me for others, and I'm going to manufacture my own reality.
You see, I'm an artist.
The gardening is my graffiti, I culture my art.
Just like a graffiti artist, that embraced walls, I prefer soils, gardeners.
I use the garden, the land, like a piece of canvas, and the plants and the trees, are my belly of that canvas.
You're surprised to see what the land can do, if you let it be your canvas.
You just can't imagine how amazing it is, and how you affect people.
What happened?
I'm a witness of how my garden became a tool of education, of transformation of my neighborhood.
To change the community, you have to change the composition of the land.
We are the land.
They would be surprised to see the kids.
The gardening is the most therapeutic and provocative act that you can do, especially in a stream.
Also, you get strawberries.
I remember one occasion, who came a mother and their daughter, they were 10,000 in the night and they were in my garden, and they were in my garden, and they looked very short.
I, well, man, I felt bad that they were there, and I said, you know, you don't have to do this.
This is on the street for a reason.
I felt shame to see people who were so close to me with hunger, and this just reinforces why I do this, people ask me,``End, don't fear people will steal your food? ''
I say,``Oh God no, I don't have any fear of it . ''
It's in the street.
That's what it is about.
I want you to take it, but at the time, I want you to pick up your health . ''
There was another occasion that I put a garden in a shelter for underestimated in the center of Los Angeles.
There were these guys, who helped me download the truck.
It was fabulous, I was shared by his stories about how this affected them and how they used to plant with their mom and her grandmother, and it was fabulous to see how they changed them, so just for a moment.
So Green Grove has come to plant maybe 20 gardens.
We've had, like 50 people who come, work and participate, all in voluntary plan.
If the kids grow tail, the kids eat color.
If you're growing tomatoes, you eat tomatoes, but if none of these are taught, if you're not taught how food affects your mind and your body, you eat blind your mind, you eat them in front.
I see young people who want to work, but they have this thing that they're trapped in . I see color kids that are on this path designed for them, which doesn't take them anywhere.
With the gardening, I see an opportunity where we can train these kids who are set up from their communities to have a sustainable life.
And when we do this, who knows?
Maybe the next George Washington Carrila.
But if we don't change the composition of the land, we will never do it.
Now this is one of my plans, this is something I want to do.
I want to plant a whole block of gardens, where people can share food in the same block.
I want to take containers and make them healthy.
Don't get me wrong.
I'm not talking about free things, because the free is not sustainable.
The curious thing about sustainability is you have to hold it.
What I'm talking about is to put people to work, take kids out of the street, who know the joy, the pride and the honor of growing their own food, opening farmers' markets.
What I want to do here, we have to make it sexy.
I want you all to become economic refugees, gas, gas gardens.
We have to change the script of what is a gas.
If you're not a garden, you're not a gas.
That the gas take their stick right?
That's their choice weapon.
In sum, if you want to meet me, well, if you want to see me, don't call me if you want to sit in comfortable chairs and have meetings to talk about doing some shit -- to talk about doing some shit.
If you want to see me, you come to the garden with your stick so that you can plant something.
Peace . Thank you.
Thank you.
( Market sounds) )) You'll probably all agree with me that this is a very nice road.
It's made of asphalt, and the asphalt is a good material to drive, but not always, especially not in days as today, that it rains a lot.
You can have a huge amount of water in the asphalt that you're saving.
And especially if you're riding in your bicycle and these cars happen, that's not very nice.
Also, asphalt can make a lot of noise.
It's a noisy material, and if we built roads, like in the Netherlands, very close to cities, we want a quiet road.
The solution for that is to do porous asphalt roads.
The porous asphalt, a material that we use now in most countries in the Netherlands, has pores and water can pass through it, so all the rain water flow down to the sides and have a road that's easy to drive, and don't save water.
The noise will also disappear in these pores.
Because it's very hollow, all the noise will disappear, so it's a very quiet road.
It also has disadvantages, of course, and the downside of this road is that you can get rid.
What is it to get rid? You see that in this road, the stone stones are coming out.
First one stone, then more and more and more and more, and then -- well, I won't do that, but you can damage your windshield, and you're not happy with that.
And finally, this can also lead to more and more damage.
Sometimes you can create bump with that.
Ah . It's ready.
Backs, of course, that you can become a problem, but we have a solution.
So here you can actually see the damage in this material.
It's a porous asphalt, as I said, so it only has a little amount of detergent between the stones.
Because of the interaction, to the ultraviolet light, to the optimism, this addict, this beard, this beard, the glue between the acids, will shrink, and if you pick up, you will do microbes and you'll be separated from added.
So, if you drive on the road, you'll get the added -- as we saw here.
To solve this problem, we think about self-esteem materials.
If we can make this material fix, then we probably have a solution.
So what we can do is use steel wool, from that to clean servers, and we can cut the steel wool into very small pieces, and we can mix those little bits with the beauty.
So we have asphalt with little pieces of steel wool on it.
Then you need a machine, like the one you see here, that you use to cook -- a meditation machine.
India can heat, especially steel, is very good at that.
So what you have to do is heat the steel, melt the beauty, the beauty will flow through these microbes, and the stones will see again to the surface.
Today, I used a microwave oven, because I can't bring the big industry here on the stage.
The microwave oven is a similar system.
I put the sample, that I'm going to take to see what happened.
This is the show that comes out now.
I said that we have this kind of industrial machine in the lab to heat the samples.
We tried a lot of samples there, and then the government, actually, saw our results, and they thought,``Well, that's very interesting . We have to try . ''
So they gave us a piece of road , 400 feet from the Architent highway, where we had to make a trial lane to test this material.
So that's what we did there . You see where we were doing the test in the road, and then, of course, this road will last several years without any damage . That's what we know about practice.
We took a lot of samples from this road and test them in the lab.
We did aging, we put a lot of charge in them, we repair them afterwards with our induced machine and repair them and we went back to test.
We can repeat this many times.
Well, to conclude, I can say that we've done a material using steel fibers, including these fibers, using the energy energy for, actually, increase the life of the surface of the road, they can even double the life of the surface . It will actually save a lot of money with very simple tricks.
And now, of course, they have curiosity of whether this was also working.
We still have the sample here . It's pretty hot.
Actually, you have to face first before you can show you how it acts.
But I'm going to do an attempt.
Let's see . Yes, it worked.
Thank you.
When I was 11 years old, I remember taking off one morning with the sound of the jazz in my house.
My father was listening to BBC News in his little gray radio.
He had a great smile in his face that was unusual in those times, because the news generally depressed it.
\" The Taliban were!"I screamed my father.
I didn't know what it meant, but I could see that my father was very, very happy.
\" Now you can go to a real school ,"he told me.
One morning I will never forget.
A real school.
You see, I was six years old when the Taliban came out of Afghanistan and made illegal that girls were to school.
For the next five years, I was dressed as a child to escort my older sister, who could no longer be outside, to go to a secret school.
It was the only way that we could both educate them.
Every day, we had a different route so that no one could suspect where we were going.
We had to hide the books in market bags so that we were shopping.
School was in a house, over 100 of us stuck in a little room.
It was nice in winter, but extremely hot in summer.
We all knew that we risked our lives; the teacher, the students and our parents.
Every day, school closed up for a week, because the Taliban suspected.
We always wondered what they knew from us.
Were we following us?
Did you know where we lived?
We were terrified, but yet, school was where we wanted to be.
I was very fortunate to grow in a family where education was appreciated and daughters a treasure.
My grandfather was an extraordinary man for his time.
A total institution of a remote province of Afghanistan, I insisted that his daughter, my mother, went to school, and so his father broke him.
But my educated mother became teacher.
This is her.
It's going to retire two years ago, just to turn our house into school for girls and women in our neighborhood.
And my father, this is the first of all his family to receive education.
There was no doubt that his children had to receive education, even their daughters, despite the Taliban, despite the risks.
For him, there was a greater risk in not education.
Over the years of the Taliban, I remember there were moments when I was very frustrated by our life and was always scared and I didn't see a future.
I wanted to quit, but my father said,``Give me, my daughter, you can lose everything you have in life.
You can steal your money . You can force your house during a war.
But there's one thing that will always be with you, what's here, and if we have to sell our blood to pay your education, we'll do it.
So do you still want not to continue? ''
I'm 22 years old today.
I grew up in a country that has been destroyed by decades of war.
Less than six percent of women' women have more than the hacker, and if my family hadn't been so committed to my education, I would be one of them.
Instead, I find myself here proud to graduate in Liberia College.
When I came back to Afghanistan, my grandfather, which was removed from his home for the courage of educating his daughters, was one of the first ones to congratulate.
He doesn't just get out of my college degree, but also that I was the first woman, and I'm the first woman, and I've been carrying it driving on the streets of Kabul.
My family believes in me.
I dream in big, but my family has even bigger dreams for me.
That's why I'm the global ambassador of 1030, a global campaign to educate women.
That's why I cofounded SOPA, the first and perhaps the only private school for girls in Afghanistan, a country where it's still risky for girls to go to school.
The exciting thing is that I see students in my school with the strong desire to harness opportunity.
And I see their parents and their families that, like mine, they were advocating for them, despite it, and still in front of a daunting opposition.
Like Ahmed . It's not his real name, and I can't show you her face, but Ahmed is the father of one of my students.
Less than one month ago, he and his daughter went from SOPA to their village, and literally, they were being killed by being killed by a bomb on the way, for minutes.
When you get to your house, you're the phone, a voice, I warned you that if you kept sending your daughter to school, you would try.
\" Let me now, if you want ,"he said,``but I won't hurt my daughter's future for his old and integrated ideas . ''
What I've realized of Afghanistan, and it's something that is often forgotten in the West, is that behind most of whom we succeed, there's a father who recognized her daughter's value and see that the success of her own success.
It doesn't mean that our mothers haven't been key in our success.
In fact, it's often the first compelling ideals of the brilliant future of their daughters, but in the context of a society like Afghanistan, we need the support of men.
Under the Taliban, the girls who went to school are told in hundreds -- remember, it was illegal.
But today, over three million girls go to school in Afghanistan.
Afghanistan looks so different from here in America.
I find that Americans see the fragility of changes.
I fear that these changes don't sleep much, after the U.S. troops.
But when I came back to Afghanistan, when I see students in my school and their parents who are advocating for them, that they animate them, I see a promising future and a lasting change.
For me, Afghanistan is a country of hope and unlimited possibilities, and every day of SOPA remind me.
Like me, they dream big.
Thank you.
Never, I've never forgotten the words of my grandmother who died in exile,``daughter, resistant to Gaddafi . struggle against him.
But you never get a gap revolutionary . ''
They've spent almost two years since the library revolution inspired by the surge of mass mobility so much of the Tunisian revolution as well as the Egyptian revolution.
A forces with many other books citizens, inside and outside the country to call a day of anger and start a revolution against the grain regime of Gaddafi.
And we did; it was a big revolution.
Women and men were in the forefront, taking off the fall of the regime, holding sharks of freedom, dignity and social justice.
They've shown a courage to get the brutal dictator of Gaddafi.
They've shown a great sense of solidarity from the East East, to the west, to the south.
Finally, after a period of six months of brutal war and some losses of about 50,000 dead, we managed to release our country and defeat the tyrant.
However, Gaddafi left a heavy load, a legacy of tyranny, corruption and self-distribution seeds.
For four decades, the Gayan regime of Gaddafi destroyed infrastructure, culture and moral structure of Libya society.
aware of devastation and the challenges, I've wanted, along with many other women, to rebuild the civil civil society, by requiring an inclusive and fair transition to democracy and national reconciliation.
They established about 200 organizations in Benjamin during, and immediately after the fall of Gaddafi . About 300 in tribe.
After a 33 year-old period, I went back to Libya and with a single enthusiasm, I started organizing workshops about development of capabilities, and leadership skills.
With an incredible group of women we founded the platform of Women Labs by Peace, a movement of women, leaders, from very diverse orientation, to advocate by the social autonomy of women and by our equal participation right in building democracy and peace.
I found myself with a very difficult environment in the president period -- an environment that was increasingly polarized, which is moved from the political business of domination and exclusion.
Over time, our initiative was approved and successful.
Women won a 175 percent of the National Congress in the first 52 years.
However, gradually, the exhilaration of elections and revolution as a whole, were disappearing; every day we found violence news.
One day we woke up with the news of ancient mosques and Sufi graves.
Another day, I had the murder of the murder of the American ambassador and the attack to the consumer.
Another day we woke up with the news of the army of army officers.
And every day, every day we woke up with the government of the military and their continued violations of the human rights and their lack of respect from law.
Our society, formed by a revolutionary mindset, is polar, and has gone from the ideals and principles of freedom, dignity, social justice, that we had at first.
intolerance, exclusion and revenge became the icons of the consequences of the revolution.
I'm not here today at all to inspire them with our history of the success of``credit"and the elections.
Rather, I'm here today to confess that we, as a nation, choose bad, make the wrong decision.
We don't prioritize well.
Because elections didn't bring peace, stability and security to Libya.
The crime list and altering between candidates and candidates brought peace and national reconciliation?
No, they didn't.
What happened?
Why does our society follow polarized and dominant policy policy policy and exclusion, both by men like women?
Perhaps what failed was not just women, but the female values of compassion, mercy and inclusion.
Our society needs the national dialogue and the creation of consensus more than the choices needed, which only reinforce polarization and division.
Our nation needs the qualitative representation of the female more than need the numerical and quantitative representation of it.
We need to stop acting as agents of outrage and call them a day.
We need to start acting as agents of compassion and mercy.
We have to develop a female speech, which is not just honor, but it also puts in practice the mercy rather than the revenge, the collaboration rather than competition, inclusion rather than exclusion.
These are the ideals that a Libya, destroyed by war, needs desperately to get peace.
Because peace has an alchemy that deals with interaction and altruism between female perspectives and males.
That's the real credit.
We need to establish that in an existential way before doing it.
According to a version of the Koran``Salaam"-- the peace --``is the word of the God ,"`` rock, compassion . ''
At a time, the word``lightning ,"which is known in all the Abrahamic traditions, has the same root in Arabic as the word``Ravada"-- uterus -- and symbolic how female and material, which would take all the humanity that men and women have been in love with.
And so, like the uterus completely covers the embryo, that grows inside, the divine matrix of the whole compassion of the whole existence.
That's what we're saying,``My mercy would take all things . ''
That's how we say,``My primilatory mission about my anger . ''
That you're all given the grace of mercy.
Thank you.
So I'm here today to talk to you about an instant question, which has an equally disturbing answer.
It's about the secrets of domestic violence, and the question I'm going to address is the one that everybody is always doing: Why is she left?
Why was anybody going to stay with a man who beat him?
I'm not a psychiatrist, no social worker, no experimental violence.
I'm just a woman with a story to tell.
I was 22 years old . I just joined at Harvard University.
I had moved to New York by my first job as a writer and editor in the Seva magazine.
I had my first apartment, my first green American card, and I had a very big secret.
My secret was that many, many times, the man, that I created my twin soul, showed me to my head with a pistol, loaded with black shortest bullets.
The man, the man who loved anyone in this world, put a gun in my head and threatened to kill me more times than I can remember.
I'm here to tell you the story of``crazy love ,"a psychological trap, the love of love, where every year millions of women fall, and even some men.
It could be his story.
I don't look like a typical survivor of domestic violence.
I'm an encouraging in the University of Harvard University, and I have an MBA at the Wall Business School.
I've spent most of my career working for the list``Fortune 500"list, among them Johnson & Johnson, Leo Borocal and The Washington Post.
I took about 20 years married with my second husband and we have three children.
My dog is a black worker and drive a Hindu Dewiweim ministry.
So my first message for you is that domestic violence can happen to anyone, all the races, all the religions, all the levels and education levels.
It's everywhere.
And my second message is that everybody thinks that domestic violence happens to women, which is a women's problem.
Not exactly.
Over 85 percent of the battered men are men, and the domestic abuse only happens in intimate, interdependent and long relationships or, say, in families, the last place where we want to find violence -- reason why, domestic abuse is so puzzling.
I would have told you that it would be the last person in the world who would stay with a man who punched him, and in fact I was a very typical victim because of my age.
I was 22 years old, and in the United States, women between 16 and 24 years old have three times more likely to be victims of domestic violence than the other ages, and over 500 women and girls are killed every year by partners, novels and husbands in the United States.
I was also a typical victim, because I didn't know anything about domestic violence, their warning signals or their patterns.
I met Congress in a cold night of January night.
I was sitting beside my side on the New York subway and started to fry with me.
He told me two things.
The first one was that he was also just seen from a university of the Viewer Leader University and working in a very important bank of Wall Street.
But what struck me in that first encounter was that it was ready and fun, and it seemed like a kid.
He had big shows like apples, and a wheat wheat, and it seemed so sweet.
One of the most intelligent things that Congress did, from the beginning, was to create the illusion that I was the dominant component of the partner.
He did it mostly at the beginning by putting on a pedestal.
We started coming out, and I loved everything from me: that I was ready, that I had gone to Harvard, who was passionate in helping girls teenage, and my work.
I wanted to know everything about my family, my childhood, my dreams and illusions.
I believed in me, as a writer and as a woman, as nobody had ever done it.
And that's why the location in that prestigious school and work in Wall Street and his bright future had so much important for him.
I didn't know that the first phase in any relationship of domestic violence is to seduce and make the victim.
And I didn't know that the second step is to isolate it.
Now the last thing I wanted to do was to go to New York and leave my dreams, but I thought I had to make sacrifices for your partner, so I accepted, I quit my work and Congress and I went together from Manhattan.
I had no idea that I was falling on a crazy love, which was entering a head in a physical, financial and psychological trap.
The next step in the pattern of domestic violence is to introduce the threat of violence to see how she react.
And this is where they go in scene those guns.
As soon as we moved to New England, you know, that site where Congress was supposed to be so safe to buy three pistol.
One was in the car glove.
Another beat underneath the pillow in our bed and the third always in his pocket.
And he said that he needed those guns because of the trauma that lived from small.
I needed them to feel secure.
But those guns were actually a message for me and, although I had never raised my hand, my life was already serious danger, every minute of every day.
The first physical attack of Congress happened five days before our wedding.
It was seven in the morning, and I still had the van.
Five days later, when the 10 bruises of my neck had disappeared, I put my mother's boyfriend suit and married me.
Despite what had happened, I was sure that we lived happily happily, because I loved her, and he also wanted me.
And I was very, very ready.
It had simply felt very overwhelmed by the wedding and for the fact that I would form a family with me.
I had been an isolated accident and I would never make harm.
I spent twice in our honey moon.
The first time I was driving up to a secret beach and lost me, and he gave me so strong in the head that bounced several times against the car window.
And then, a couple of days later, driving back from our honey moon, he drowned by traffic and threw a Big Mac cold.
Congo continued to chase one or twice a week over the next two and a half years of our marriage.
I was wrong when I thought it was the only one in this situation.
One in three American women is victims of domestic violence or access at some point in their life, and the Centers of Disease Control report that every year 15 million children are battered , 15 million.
So actually, I had very good company.
So back to my question, why did I go?
The answer is simple.
I didn't know he was abusing me.
Instead, I was a very strong woman, in love with a deep man, and it was the only person in the world that could help Congress face his demons.
The other question that everybody does is, why don't you just leave?
Why didn't I go? I could have gone at any point.
For me, this is the saddest and most painful question that people do, because we, the victims, we know something that you normally ignore, is incredibly dangerous to abandon a juggler.
Because the last phase in the pattern of domestic violence is kill it.
More than 70 percent of the killings in the cases of domestic violence happen after the victim has ended the relationship, after they get off, because then the abuse has nothing to lose.
Other repercussions include permanent harassment, even after the abuse is going to be married, charity of financial resources, and manipulation of the judicial system, to engage the victim and their children, who normally are forced by the judges to spend the man who beat their mother.
And we still keep asking why it just isn't going?
I was able to go, because of a last piece of paper, I saw my denial denial.
I realized that the man who loved so much, would have killed me if he would have allowed him.
So I broke the silence.
I told everybody: the police, my neighbors, my friends and family, to the full unknown friends, and I'm here today because all of you helped me.
We have the tendency to stabilize victims like spectacular headlines, self-destructive women, damaged goods.
The question,``Why is it left? ''
For some people, it's a way to say,``The guilt is yours for staying ,"as if the victims we're choosing intentionally to love with men who want to destroy them.
But since I published``crazy love ,"I've heard hundreds of stories of men and women who were also escape, who learned an unsustainable lesson of what happened to them and they were getting their lives and happy lives, wives and mothers, completely free violence of violence, like mine.
Because it turns out that I'm actually a victim and a survivor of very typical domestic violence.
I became married with a tender and nice man and we have those three children.
I have that black worker, and also that minimum.
What I'll never have ever more, ever, is a charged gun pointing my head in somebody who says I want.
Right now, you're thinking,``Hello, that's fascinating!"or``Hall, how silly it was ."but all this time I've actually been talking about you.
I assure you that there are a few people, which are listening to me right now, that they're being abused, and they were from little or that they are abused themselves.
The mass could be affecting his daughter, his sister, his best friend right now.
I was able to end my crazy particular love by breaking silence.
And I keep doing it today.
It's my way to help other victims, and it's my last request to you.
Talk about what you've heard here.
The abuse was just in silence.
They have the power to end up with domestic violence simply by shedding light on it.
The victims need everybody.
We need each one of you to understand the secrets of domestic violence.
Take the mass to the light talking about it with your children, your coworkers, your friends and family.
They play their vision of survivors as fantastic and charming people who have a full future.
They recognize the early signs of violence to consciously intervene, to stop their scale and show the victims a safe salt.
Together we can turn our beds, our tables and our families in the safe, peaceful oasis that should be.
Thank you.
Hello . I call the Cameron Russell, and for a while, I'm a model.
To be precise, for 10 years.
And I feel like this, there's an awkward tension in the room because I shouldn't have dressed up that way . Luckily, I've brought clothes to change.
This is the first challenge of clothes on a TED stage, so you have a lot of luck to do it, I think.
If some of the women were horrified when he appeared, they don't have to say now, but I'll find it later on Twitter.
I also want to point out that I have the privilege of being able to change what they think of me in just 10 seconds.
Not everybody has that opportunity.
These projections are very uncomfortable; less bad than I don't have to use them.
The worst part is to spend this sweater in the head, because it's when they're going to laugh from me, so do nothing while I cover my head.
All right.
Why have I done this?
It's been embarrassing.
Well, I hope not as much as this picture.
The appearance is powerful, but also superficial.
I've completely changed what they thought about me in six seconds.
And in this picture, I had never had a boyfriend in real life.
He was totally uncomfortable, and the photographer told me that he would draw the back and he would raise the child's hair.
Of course, except with surgery or an artificial tan like the one that I did two days ago for work, there's very little that we can do to transform our aspect, which, although surface and unchanging, has a big impact in our lives.
So today, to me, being courageous means being honest.
I'm on this stage because I'm a model.
Because I'm a beautiful and white woman, and in my workforce, that's a sexy girl.
I'm going to answer the questions that people always do, but in a sense.
The first question is, how is it going to be model?
And I always say,``A gentleman discovered me, but that doesn't mean anything.
The real reason that I did model is because it won the genetic lottery, and I'm the benefit of a heritage, and maybe you're wondering what this heritage is.
Well, in the last centuries we haven't only defined beauty as health, youth and symmetry, which we are biologically programmed to admire, we've also associated with it to a high and sustainable shape, to womanhood and a white skin.
And that's my heritage, heritage I've known to take money.
And I know there are people in the audience, which is now going to be skeptical, and maybe there's some models of the fashion you say -- wait . There's Naomi, Turkey, Joan Stevens, Liu Web.
First of all, the happiness for knowing so much of models . It's amazing.
But unfortunately, I have to report that in 2007, a Ph.D. student at New York University told each and every single model in the passenger, and from the 67 hired models, just 27, that is less than four percent, they weren't white.
The next question that people always ask me is: Can it be model when it's bigger?
And my first answer is: I don't know, I'm not aware of that.
But then, what I would really tell you to each of these girls is: Why? You can be what you want.
You can be president of the United States, or the inventor of the next Internet, or a non-liver and coral surgeon, which would be awesome, because you would be the first one.
If after this spectacular list, you still insist, no, no, Cameron, I want to be model, then I say,``I know my boss.
Because I'm not in charge of anything, and you could be the redesign head of the American voice or the executive director of H & M, or the next Steven Medicine.
To say that most you want to be model is like saying you want to win the lottery when you're older.
It's out of your control, it's amazing, and it's not a work that you can choose.
I'm going to show you everything I learned in 10 years as a model, because, unlike the cardiovascular surgery, it can be summed up right now.
I don't know what happened there.
Sadly, once you've already done your studies, and you have a curriculum and you work on your back, no matter what you say, I mean, if you said you want to be president of the United States, but your rsum said,``Interesting clothes for 10 years, people would look weird . ''
The next question that people always ask me is whether all the pictures are played.
And yes, it's basically retried all the pictures, but that's just a small part of what happens.
This was the first picture that took me, and also the first time I used a Bible, and I didn't even have my period yet.
I know we're entering the personal terrain, but it was a child.
That's how I went along with my grandmother a few months before.
These two pictures are the same day.
My friend came with me.
Here I am in a party party of a few days before the photos for the French Voice.
Here I am with my football team and in the magazine I saw.
And this is me today.
And I hope you realize that I'm not in those pictures.
They're a group of a group of professionals, films, makeup and photographers and statistics, and all their help and people on prey and post-conflict, and they can create this . That's not me.
Well, the next question that people always ask me is: Do you get free things?
I have too many tanks of 20 centimeters and I never use, except the couple, but the privilege that I get are the ones I get in real life, and that we don't like to talk about.
I grew up in Cambridge, and once I went to a store and I forgot to take money, and they gave me the free dress.
When I was a teenager, I traveled with my friend who was a purple driver; he jumped in red, and, of course, they stopped us, and I just got a sorry, agent to be able to drive.
I enjoy these privilege for me, not because of what I am . And there are people who are paying a price for their appearance no matter who they are.
I live in New York, and last year, of the 14,000 teenagers that were given and recorded , 86 percent were black and Latino, and most of them were young men.
And there are only 17,000 black and Latino young young men in New York, so for them, isn't it a question of stopping me?
I mean how many times I'll stop? And when?
By research for this talk, I learned that at 53 percent of the 13 years in the United States don't like their body, and that figure rises to 78 percent at 17 percent.
So the last question that people do is, what is life of a model?
And I think the answer that you expect is: If you're a little bit thinner and you have the brighter hair, you'll feel very happy and great.
And behind the cameras, we give an answer that maybe it looks like it.
We say, it's really wonderful to travel, and also incredible to work with creative, resourceful and passionate people.
And all that is true, but it's just one part of what happens, because what we never say in front of the cameras, what I've never said in front of them, is: I'm insecure.
And I'm because I have to worry about my aspect every day.
And if you ever ask yourself, do you have a little thinner and the brighter hair, will be happier?
They just have to meet with a group of models, because they have the most thin legs, the brighter hair and the most conflict, but probably the women are physically most insecure on the planet.
But mostly it was difficult to analyze a situation of racial and gender oppression when I'm one of the greatest benefits.
If there's something to retain from this talk, I hope you all feel more comfortable when you recognize the power of the image in the perception that we have from success and failure.
Thank you.
The photograph has been my passion since I was older enough to put a camera, but today I want to share with you my 15 most precious pictures, and I didn't go out.
There were no artistic directors, or statistics, no opportunity to repeat photos, not even a minimum care in the lighting.
In fact, most of them took random tourists.
My story begins when, finding in New York City to give a position, my wife took me this picture holding my daughter on his first birthday . That's the corner of 57 and five.
I gave the chance that we went back to New York a year later, so we decided to get the same picture.
Well, you know what comes now.
When the third birthday of my daughter was approaching, my wife said to me, why don't you take you up to New York in a paradigm trip and you follow the ritual?
This is when we started to ask tourists that were going to take us the picture.
It's amazing that the gesture of delivering the camera to a complete unknown is so universal.
No one has been denied, and fortunately, no one has ever gone with the camera.
Therefore, we weren't aware of how much we would change this journey.
It became something sacred to us.
This picture is a few weeks after 9/11, and I had to explain to my daughter what had happened that day, that a five-year-old girl could understand it.
These pictures are much more than representations of a concrete moment or a specific journey.
They're also a way to stop time in a week of October and making us think about our time and our evolution over the years, and not just at the physical level, but in all senses.
Because, although we always get the same picture, our perspective changes, my daughter comes back new books, and I can see life through his eyes and how it perceives and interact with everything.
That time in concrete that we spend together is something that we hope with illusion all year.
Recently, in one of the trips, we were walking, when all of a sudden, it stopped in dry and pointed a red shop of the dolls store that I admired small in earlier visit.
And I was describing what had felt at five years of foot in that same place.
I started to remember his heart to pay with the strength of seeing that place for the first time nine years ago.
And now what I see in New York are universities, because it's decided to study in New York.
And all of a sudden I understood that one of the most important things we create are memories.
So I want to share the idea of engaging actively in conscious memory creation.
I don't know, but apart from these 15 pictures, I don't go out in many of the family photos.
I'm always the one that takes the picture.
Today I want to encourage you all to appear in the picture, and they don't doubt to go to somebody and ask,``Do you get a picture? ''
Thank you.
I'd like to talk to you about a very special group of animals.
There are 10,000 species of birds in the world.
The rules are found in the most threat group.
First, why do they have so bad press?
It's also associated with Disney laughter personalized as a mental, stupid, stupid characters.
More recently, if you've been following the Indian press laughter, applause and calculations, these are the attributes that associate with the Kenyan Parliament, but I don't accept it.
Don't accept it . You know why?
Because the members of Parliament don't keep clean the environment, the parliament doesn't help prevent the spread of disease.
It's hard to move . They're far away . And, my favorite, the puzzles have better presence . There are two kinds of followers on this planet.
There are the New World births that are mainly found in America, like the caregivers and you face them, and the fire of the Old World, where we have 16 species, where we have 16 , 11 face a high risk of extinction.
So why are the gloves important? First of all, they provide vital ecological services . Clean.
They're our natural trash collectors.
They clean the caves to the bone.
They help kill all the bacteria, and they help absorb the anthrax, which is not for them to spread and cause great losses of livestock and diseases in other animals.
Recent studies have shown that in areas where there are no gloves, the caves take three to four times longer to decompose, and this has huge ramifications in spreading disease.
The followers also have enormous historical importance.
They've been associated with ancient Egyptian culture.
Beethoven was the symbol of the protector and the material and, along with the cobra, they symbolizes the unit between the height and the Netherlands.
In the Hindu mythology, Jack was the big god, and he risked his life to save the Green 10 devil of the 10 head.
In the Tibetan culture, a few very important open sky interest in places like Tibet, there's no place to bury the dead, or wood to describe them, so these rules provide a natural elimination system.
What is the problem with the gloves?
We have eight pieces of gloves in Kenya, which six are in extreme threats of extinction.
The reason is that they're being poisoned, and the reason they're being poisoned is because there are conflicts between humans and wildlife, the seasonal communities use this poison against predators, and as a consequence, the rules are victims of this.
In southern Asia, in countries like India and Pakistan, four species of gloves are on the critical list of extinction danger, which means that in less than 10 or 15 years will be extinct, and the reason is because they fall prey of the cattle consumption that has been treated with an analog drug like the Devil.
This drug has been banned for veterinarians in India and have taken a position.
Because there are no gloves, there's been a spread in the number of street dogs in caves of caves, and when you have street dogs, you have a huge time pump for rage . The number of rage cases has increased enormously in India.
Kenya is going to have one of the biggest wind farms in Africa : 33 adventures are going to be up to the Turkey Lake.
I'm not against wind energy, but we have to work with governments, because wind turbines do this to birds . They cut them in half.
They're birds of birds.
In Western Africa, there's a horrible trade of dead gloves to serve the knife and the drug market.
So what is it doing? Well, we're looking at these birds . We're putting them transmissions.
We're trying to determine their basic ecology, and see where they go.
We can see that they travel by different countries, so focus on a problem literally is not going to serve anything.
We have to work with governments on regional levels.
We're working with local communities.
We're talking to them about appreciation the divers, about the need to appreciate these wonderful creatures and services that they provide.
How can you help? It can become active, make noise . You can write a letter to your government and say, we have to focus on these very intricate creatures . Give their time to spread the word . It'll spread the word.
When you get out of this room, you're informed about the divers, but you talk to your families, with your children, with your neighbors on your taste.
They're very elegant . Charles Darwin said it changed from opinion because he saw them fly without effort, without energy expenditure in the heavens.
Kenya, this world, will be much more poor without these wonderful species.
Thank you very much.
Every thing that I do and everything I do professionally -- my life -- has been molded for seven years of work during my youth in Africa.
Since 1971 to 1977, you've worked in Zambia, Kenya, Ivory Coast, Algeria and Somalia, in technical cooperation projects with African countries.
I worked for an Italian NGO, and every project we set up in Africa.
And I was disturbed.
I thought, at 21, that the Italian were good people, and we were doing a good job in Africa.
Rather than that, everything we've played with it.
Our first project, which inspired my first book,``Carriel Odors ,"was a project where we decided to teach people from Zambia to grow food.
So, we came with Italian seeds in southern Zambia to this absolutely magnificent valley that goes down to the Zambia River, and we teach the local people growing Italian and hot tomatoes.
Of course, people were not at all interested in doing that, so we paid them to come to work, and sometimes, they don't get, we were amazed that the local, in so fertile valley, they had no agriculture.
However, instead of asking you how it was possible that they didn't grow anything, we just said,``Thank God we're here ."`` Right at time to save people from Zambia . ''
And of course, everything in Africa was beautifully grown.
We got these magnificent tomatoes . In Italy, a tomatoes will grow this size . In Zambia, this size.
And we couldn't believe that, we were telling the showerns,``Look at how easy agriculture is . ''
When the tomatoes were beautiful, mature and red, overnight, about 200 hypotheses appeared from the river and ate everything, and we said to the showerns,``Oh my God, we hypothetical! ''
And the translations said,``Yes, we don't have agriculture here ."`` Why didn't they say it?"`` You never asked . ''
I thought that just Italian we were doing errors in Africa, but then, I saw what Americans did, what the English did, what the French did, and after seeing what they were doing, I felt pretty proud of our project in Zambia.
Because, as you see, at least we feed the hippopotamus.
You should see waste -- you've got to see the waste that we gave to people in Africa.
He wants to read a book, read``Dead Death"by Madison Mother, empathetic economist.
The book was published in 2009.
We, Western donors, have delivered the African continent two million dollars in the last 50 years.
I'm not going to tell you about damage that money has caused.
Just read your book.
Take it from a part of an African woman, the damage we've done.
The Westerners are imperializing, colonial missions, and we treat people only two ways: or we do it, or we are pathogenic.
The two words come from the Latin root``paternity ,"which means``father . ''
However, they mean two different things.
Patriarch, I treat any of a different culture as if they were my kids .``I want you so much . ''
Patriotic, I treat everyone in a different culture like my servants.
That's why white in Africa are called board, boss.
That book gave me a slap in the face .``The small thing is beautiful ,"written by School, who said for all economic development, if people don't want to be helped, give them alone.
This should be the first principle of aid.
The first principle of aid is respect.
This morning, the gentleman who opened this conference put a cane on the ground and said,``Can you -- you can imagine a city that is not necessarily necessarily? ''
I decided when I was 27, only to respond to people, and I invented a system called Company Company where you never start anything, you never start anything, you never motivate anybody, but it becomes a service of local passion, the surgery of the local who have the dream of becoming a better person.
So what do you do? You shut up.
Never get to a community with an idea, and it feels like the people in the local.
We don't work from offices.
We got together in a cafe . We met in a bar.
We have zero infrastructure.
And what do we do? We become friends, and we find what the person wants to do.
The most important thing is passion.
You can give an idea to someone.
If that person doesn't want to do that, what is you going to do?
The passion that she has for its own growth is the most important thing.
The passion that that man has for his own personal growth is the most important thing.
And then, we help them find knowledge, because nobody in the world can succeed alone.
The person with the idea cannot have knowledge, but knowledge is available.
So years ago, I had this idea: Why not us, for one time instead of getting to a community to tell people what to do, why not, at once, we heard them? But not in community meetings.
Let me tell you a secret.
There's a problem with community meetings.
Entrepreneurs never attend, and they will never tell you, in a public meeting, what they want to do with their own money, what opportunity they have identified.
So, planning has this blind point.
The smartest people in their community, you don't even know, because they don't attend their public meetings.
What do we do? We work one to one, and we work face to face, you have to create a social infrastructure, which doesn't exist.
You must create a new profession.
The profession is the family's family doctor, the business family doctor, which is established with you in your house, at the table of your kitchen, in the cafe, and helps you find the resources to transform your passion into a way of making life.
I started this as a test in waiting for the West Australia city.
I was doing a Ph.D. at the time, trying to move away from this condition that we got to tell them what to do.
In a year, I had 27 projects in the march, and the government came to me to say,``How can you do that?
How can you do it?"and I said,``I did something very, very, very difficult.
I was left and listened .'"So, the government says,``Get back ."We've done it in 300 communities in the world.
We've helped start 40,000 businesses.
There is a new generation of entrepreneurs that are dying of loneliness.
Peter Drakan, one of the greatest corporate advisers in history, passed at '96, a few years ago.
Peter Drake was a philosophy of philosophy before involved in business, and this is what Peter Drakan says:``planning is actually incompatible with a society and an economic company economy . ''
planning is the kiss of death of corporate spirit.
So now you're reconstructing Christchurch without knowing what the smartest people in Christchurch want to do with their own money and their own energy.
You have to learn how to get these people to get closer to you.
You have to offer trust, privacy, it has to be fantastic when you help them, and then you will come in.
In a community of 10,000 people, we got 200 customers.
Can you imagine a 400,000 people community, intelligence and passion?
Which presentation have you taken this morning?
Passionate people . That's what you've clap.
So, what I tell you is that the entrepreneurial spirit is where it is.
We're at the end of the first industrial revolution fossil fossil fuels, manufacturing -- and from one point to another, we have systems that are not sustainable.
The internal combustion engine is not sustainable.
The brakes as a way of holding machinery is not sustainable.
What we have to consider is how we're nurturing, we cure, we educate, we transport, we communicate to seven billion people in a sustainable way.
There are no technologies to do it.
Who's going to invent technology for green revolution? universities? Forget it!
The government? Forget it!
It'll be entrepreneurs, and they're doing it now.
There's an adorable story that I read in a future magazine many, many years ago.
There was a group of experts that were invited to debate the future of New York City in the year 1800.
And in the year 1800, this group of people came together, and speculation about what would happen to New York City in 100 years, and the conclusion was unique: New York City wouldn't exist within 100 years.
Why? Because they analyzed the curve and pointed out, if the population is growing up to this rate, to move to the population of New York to the surroundings, they would require six million horses, and the manure produced by six million horses would be impossible to tackle.
They were already expanding in manure, so in 1800, they were driving this dirty technology that would be to build New York City.
So what happens? In the next 40 years, in 1900, in the United States came up with 100 auto manufacturing companies , 100.
The idea of finding a different technology was absolutely absorbed, and there were very few, scarce, factories in appropriate places.
Death, Michigan . Henry Ford.
However, there is a secret to work with entrepreneurs.
First, you have to offer them trust.
Otherwise, you won't come to conversation with you.
Then you have to offer them an absolute, dedicated, enthusiastic service.
And, later, you will have to tell you about the truth.
The smallest company, the largest company, has to be able to do three great things: the product that you want to sell to you have to be fantastic, you have to tell a fantastic marketing, and you have to count with a great financial administration.
Guess what?
We've never met a human being in the world that I can do, sell and search for money alone.
There is no.
This is still not born.
We've investigated and observed the 100 icons of the Carnegie world, Wisnood, Edison, Ford, all new companies, Google, Yahoo.
There is only one thing that all successful companies in the world have in common, just one: No one was started by one person.
Never the word``me ,"but the word``us ,"32 times.
He wasn't just when he started.
Nobody starts a company alone . No one.
So, we can create the community where we have facilitators, who come from an environment of small businesses sitting in coffee, in bars along with their comrades who are going to do for you, what someone did for this gentleman who talks about this epidemic, someone who will ask you, what do you need?
What can you do? Can you do it?
Well, can you be selling? Can you look for money? ''
\" Oh, no, I can't do that ."`` Would you want you to look for somebody? ''
We activate communities.
Thank you.
Those who surround us can help us in many ways to improve our lives.
We don't know all the neighbors, so we don't exchange a lot of knowledge despite sharing the same public spaces.
In the last few years, I've tried to share more with my neighbors in public space, with simple tools like automations, templates and chalk.
These projects came from questions like, how much would my neighbors pay for their apartments?
How can we pay and ask more things without calling the door in a bad moment?
How do you share more memories of our abandoned buildings and understand our landscape better?
How do we share our hopes to empty stores so that our communities can reflect our needs and dreams today?
I live in New Orleans and I'm in love with New Orleans.
My soul always finds relief with giant oak robots who give a shadow to lovers, drunk and dreamer from centuries and conferences.
It's always given to music . There's a parade in New Orleans . The city has one of the most beautiful architecture in the world, but also one with the most abandoned properties of America.
I live near this house and I thought how I could turn it into a more enjoyable space for the neighborhood and also something that changed my life forever.
In 2009 lost someone who loved a lot.
It was Joan, as a mother for me.
Her death was suddenly and unexpected.
I thought a lot about death.
And this produced me a deep gratitude for life.
It gave clarity to the meaningful things of my current life.
But I'm making this look in my everyday life.
It seems to me that it's easy to let it go through the day and forget the really important thing for one.
So with the aid of old and new friends transformed the wall of this abandoned house on a giant blackboard, and I painted about it phrases to go,``Before I died, I want...''
So the trains could take a chalk, reflect on their lives and share personal aspirations in public space.
I didn't know what to expect from this experiment, but the next day, the wall was filled and kept covering.
And I'd like to share some things that people wrote on the wall.
\" Before I die, I want to be judged by hacking ."`` Before I die, I want to sit on the date of date change . ''
\" Before I die, I want to sing for millions of people . ''
\" Before I die, I want to plant a tree . ''
\" Before I die, I want to live outside the network . ''
\" Before I die, I want to hug it again . ''
\" Before I die, I want to go to somebody's rescue . ''
\" Before I die, I want to be completely myself . ''
This abandoned space was built, and the dreams and hope of people made me laugh, and they destroyed me, and they gave me a little bit of the hard moments.
It's about knowing that you're not alone . It's about understanding our neighbors in new and successful ways, it's about giving the reflection and the contemplation, and to remember what it is most important for us as we grow and change.
This happened last year and started receiving hundreds of messages of passionate people who wanted to make a wall in their community.
So with my colleagues in the civic center, we made a kit, and now they've been walls in countries around the world, like Kazakhstan, South Africa, Australia, Argentina and beyond.
Together we demonstrate the power of our public spaces if you give us the opportunity to express and share each other.
Two of the most valuable things we have is time and our relationships with other people.
In our age of distractions in increase, it's more important than ever, to find ways to conserve the perspective and remember that life is short and delicate.
Death is something that we often avoid speaking, or even thinking, but I understood that preparing for death is one of those things that they trust us most power.
Think of the collective death our life.
Our shared spaces can actually reflect what matters as individuals and as a community and more media to share hope, fear and stories, the people around us cannot only help improve places, can help improve our lives.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Today I have a single request.
Please don't tell me that I'm normal.
Now I'd like to introduce you to my siblings.
It's 22 years old, it's high and very handsome.
I don't talk, but I'm going to make joy better than some of the best speakers.
He knows what love is.
I share it unconsciously, what happens.
It's not amazing . It doesn't look at the color of the skin.
You don't care about religious differences, and you see this: Never lied.
When I sing songs from our childhood, trying to bring words that I can't even remember myself, I remember one thing: how little we know about the mind and how wonderful it must be unknown.
Samuel is 16 . It's high . It's very handsome.
It has the most impossible memory.
However, it's a selective memory.
I didn't remember if I stole my chocolate, but I remember the year that every single songs in my iPod came out of my iPod, conversations that we kept when I was four years old, to be done in my arm during the first episode of the celebrities and the birthday of Lady Gaga.
Don't you seem amazing?
But most people disagree.
And, in fact, because their minds don't fit into the concept of society, they're often ignored and engaged.
But what I pushed my heart and strengthen my soul was that even if that was the case, although I didn't consider them within the ordinary, that could only mean one thing: that they were extraordinary -- autistic and extraordinary.
Now, for those least familiar with the term``autism ,"is a complex brain disorder that affects social communication, learning and sometimes to physical skills.
In each individual, it manifests differently, from there that Remember is so different to Sam.
And all over the world, every 20 minutes, a new case of autism is diagnosed, and even though it's one of the development disorders that increase in the world, there's no cause or no known cure.
I don't remember my first encounter with autism, but I don't remember one day without it.
I was only three years old when my brother came into the world, and I was very excited to have a new self in my life.
When they spent a few months, I realized that he was different.
He recorded a lot.
I didn't want to play like the other babies and, in fact, it didn't look very interested at all.
He was living, and he threw in his own world, with his own rules, and he found pleasure on the smallest things, like putting cars around the room, looking at the washing machine and eat anything that was between media.
As it grows, it became more different, and the differences became more evident.
But beyond the constraints, frustration and impressional hyperactivity, there was something really unique: a pure, innocent nature, a child who saw the world without prejudice, a human being that had never mentioned.
Extraordinary.
I can't deny that there have been some difficult moments in my family, moments in which I wish they were just like me.
But I look back at things that have taught me about individuality, communication and love, and I realize that they are things that would not want to change for normal.
normality goes through the beauty that give us the differences and the fact that it doesn't mean that some of it is wrong.
It only means there's a different view of what's right.
If I could convey one thing to Leone and to Sam and to you, it would be you don't have to be normal.
They can be extraordinary.
Because, autistic or not, the differences we have -- they're a gift, each of us has a gift inside and, honestly, the pursuit of normality is the last sacrifice of potential.
The opportunity for greatness, progress and change die at the time where we try to be like the other.
Please -- don't tell me I'm normal.
Thank you.
Five years ago, I experienced a bit of what must have been Alice in the Middle Passage.
Penn State asked me, a communications teacher, who would give an engineering class to engineering students.
He was scared . He was scared . He was scared of these students with his great minds, his big books and his big and unknown words.
But by developing those conversations, I felt what Alice should have felt when he fell through the hole of the rabbit and saw the door of a new world.
I just felt when I had these conversations with students, and they surprised me the ideas that they had, and I wanted others to experience this wonderful world too.
And I think the key to opening that door is a big communication.
We need desperately a great communication of our scientists and engineers in order to change the world.
Our scientists and engineers are the ones who are attacking our biggest challenges, from energy to environment and health care, among others, and if we don't know about this, the work is not done, and I think it's our responsibility as not scientists to have these interactions.
But these great conversations can't happen if our scientists and engineers are not inviting us to see their wonderful world.
So scientists and engineers, please talk to simplicity.
I want to share some suggestions about how you can do that to make sure that your science is sexy and your engineering is attractive.
First question to answer, and then what?
Tell us why science is relevant to us.
Don't just tell us that they study the trees, but they study the trees, which are the mesh structure of our bones because it's important to understand and treat the osteoporosis.
And when they're describing their science, care with jargon.
The jargon is an obstacle for our understanding of their ideas.
Sure, you can say``space and temporary ,"but why not say``space and time ,"which is much more accessible to us?
To make them accessible is not the same thing to do.
Instead, as Einstein said, that everything is as simple as possible, but not simple.
They can clearly communicate their science without compromise.
Something to consider is to use examples, stories and analogies, and they're ways to hook and excite with their content.
And when you present your work, forget about the signs of``bullet . ''
You've wondered why they're called``bullet"? What do the bullets do? The bullets kill, and kill their presentation.
A film like this is not only boring, but it's very supportive in the area of our brain's language and overwhelming us.
In contrast, this movie of example of General Brown is much more effective . shows that the special structure of the trees is so strong that it really inspired the unique design of the Eiffel Tower.
The trick here is to use a simple, legitimate phrase, that the audience can understand if you lose a little bit, and then provide graphs that apply to our other senses and create a deeper sense of understanding than it is described.
I think these are just some keys that can help others open the door and see the country of the wonders that is science and engineering.
And so scientists and engineers, when they've solved this equation, for all media, will with simplicity . Thank you.
One of my favorite words in the entire English Dictionary dictionary is``solar . ''
Just because it sounds very well.
And``solemn"means``dishonest politician . ''
Even though there was a 19th century people who defined it much better when he said,``A smile ,"it's the one who looks for a public charge no matter what a public cart, platform or principle, and that, when you win, you get it for the use of a month that's a month . ''
I have no idea what``security"means.
Something to do with words, I guess.
It's very important that words are the basis in politics, and all politicians know that they have to try to dominate language.
It wasn't until, for example , 171 that the British Parliament allowed newspapers to quote the exact words that were told in the parliamentary camera.
And all of this was because of the courage of a guy with the name of Brad Critter, who confronted the Parliament.
They got into the London Tower, and they were incarcerated, but he had enough courage to face them, and at the end, he had such a popular support in London that won.
And just a few years later, we had the first recorded use of the phrase``That Bolt Black Bottom"like the metal.
Most people think it's literal.
It's not . It's by a freedom of the freedom of expression.
But to really show you how words and politics interact, I want you to return to America, just after independence.
So, they had to address the question of how to call George Washington, his leader.
They didn't know.
How do you call the leader of a Republican country?
This was described in Congress for a long time.
All kinds of suggestions were introduced that might have failed.
Some wanted to call it``State of State State ,"and others,``Your Alanity George Washington ,"and other``Delicious of American peoples of the U.S. People . ''
Not very attractive.
Some just wanted to call it``King . ''
They thought it was really quality.
And not even with it were mountains, they had the idea that you could be elected King for a certain deadline.
And it might have served.
Everyone gets married, because this debate is programmed for three weeks.
I read a poor woman's day, and he always wrote,``Still with this issue . ''
What caused the delay and the end was that the House of Representatives was against the Senate.
The House of Representatives didn't want Washington to drunk in power.
They didn't want to call him king, or his dirty ideas.
So, they wanted to give it the most modest, most insignificant and more unfortunate title that came to them.
And that title was``President . ''
You didn't invent the title . You didn't have before, but only meant``someone who predicts a meeting . ''
It was like the president of a jury.
And I didn't have much more fun than the term``foreman"or``supervisor . ''
There were events of events of small colonies and government fractions, but it was really an insignificant title.
And so the Senate is opposed.
They said,``It's ridiculous, we can't call it President . ''
\" This guy has to sign treaties and meeting with foreign narratives . ''
\" And who's going to take a serious title with a little and insignificant title like President of America? ''
And finally, after three weeks of debate, the Senate didn't raise.
We can learn three interesting things about this.
First of all, and this is my favorite to where I've been able to figure out, the Senate has never been able to form the title of president.
President Barack Obama is lucky to go on, waiting for Senate to be in action.
The second thing we can learn is that when a government says, a measure is temporary -- it's possible that we're waiting for 220 years.
But the third thing we can learn, and this is the most important thing, and with this, I want to leave you, is that the U.S. president of America doesn't sound at all so modest today, right?
Especially if you have over 5,000 nuclear heads to disposal, the largest economy in the world and a fleet of non-security vehicles and so on.
Reality and history have dropped the title of gravity.
So, the end won the Senate.
They got their response title.
And also the other concern of the Senate, the approach of uniqueness -- well, it was a singularity by then.
But, you know how many nations they have president?
And all because they want to sound like the guy who has the 5,000 nuclear heads, etc.
So, at the end of the Senate won and the House of Representatives, because no one is going to feel humble when they tell you they're now the president of the U.S.
And I think that's the great lesson that we can learn, and I'd like to leave you.
Politicians try to choose and use the words to shape and control reality, but really, it's a much more modified reality, the words that might change reality.
Thank you very much.
I'm 45 to meters underground in an illegal mine in Ghana.
The air is loaded with heat and dust and it's hard to breathe.
I feel the surgeon of sweating bodies in the dark, but I can't see much more.
I hear voices that are talking about, but above all, that cacophony of male, male taxes and stones with primitive tools.
Like the other, I've got a cheap flashlight of light ink subtle light with this anniversary elastic, and I can barely distinguish the branches that hold the walls of that hole of a meter that falls hundreds of meters on the ground.
My hand was rescued, and suddenly I remember a miner that I met days before, who lost the control and fell insects in that manhole.
While I talk to you today, these men are deep in that hole, risk their lives without paying or reward and often dying.
I went out of that hole, and I went home, but they may never do it, because they're prey of slavery.
In the last 28 years, I was documenting native cultures in over 70 countries in six continents in 2009, and in 2009, I had the great honor of being the only exhibition at the Pacific of Vancouver.
And among all the amazing people I met there, I met an intruintation of the Sansker, and a NGOs that dedicated to eradicate modern slavery.
We started talking about slavery and, really, I started learning about slavery because I knew it existed in the world, but not to such a degree.
When we finished talking to me, I felt very bad, and honestly I was embarrassed to ignore this attraction of our days and thought, if I don't know, how many people don't you know?
I came up with the stomach, and then weeks later, I flew to Los Angeles to meet the director of the Supermarket, and offer my help.
So I started my journey to modern slavery.
Interestingly, I had been in many of these sites.
Some of them even considered my second home.
But this time, the dirty troops.
A conservative calculation says that there are more than 27 million people enslaved in the world.
It's twice the amount of Africans displaced throughout the whole deal of sustainable slaves.
150 years ago, the cost of a farmer slave was about three times the annual salary of a American worker.
The equivalent of about 50,000 dollars today.
However, today you can enslave the entire families by generations by $18 , 18 dollars.
Surprisingly, slavery generates profits from more than 13 billion dollars a year around the world.
Many have been fooled with false promises of good education and better work to find out that they're forced to work without paying, under threat of violence and can't escape.
Today the slavery operates in trade: goods produced by slaves have value, but who produce them are disposable.
The slavery exists in almost everybody, and yet it's illegal around the world.
In India and Nepal, I met brick furnaces.
This strange and formidable show was like going into the old Egypt or the hell of Dan.
Immigrants in a temperature of 54 C, men, women, children, in fact, the whole families wrapped in a heavy powder of dust applied mechanically bricks in their heads, until 18 at a time, and they take them from blazing furnaces to trucks that are hundreds of feet.
Disaster by the monitor and the tiredness work in silence, doing this task over and over again for 16 , 17 hours a day.
There were no pause to eat, not to drink, and the severe destruction would make it quite intrinsic.
And so penetrative was the heat and the dust that my camera became too hot to the touch and stopped working.
Every 20 minutes, I had to run the car to clean the team and make it work with air conditioning to revive and, sitting there, I thought, my camera gets a much better treatment than these people.
Back in the oven, I wanted to cry, but the advertisement that was on my side quickly grabbed me and said,``Lisa, don't do it . Don't do it here . ''
And I was very clearly explained to demonstrate emotions is very dangerous in places like this, not just for me but for them.
I couldn't offer any direct aid.
I couldn't give you money, nothing.
I was not a citizenship of that country.
I could put them in a worse situation than they were already.
I had to trust the Saturn, and working inside the system for its release and confidence that you would get it.
As to me, wait to get home to feel my heart.
In the Himalayas, I found children running stones for miles for mountain ends to trucks that were waiting down.
Those big levers were heavier than the kids who were carrying them, and the children would hold them into their heads with married roads made of sticks and ropes and rags.
It's hard to presence something so overwhelmed.
How can we influence something so insidious, but so ubiquitous?
Some of you don't even know that they're slaves -- and they work 16 hours a day without paying because this has been that whole life.
They have nothing to compare.
When these villages recruited their freedom, the slaves were burning their houses.
When we hear the word slavery we often think of sexual traffic, and because of this global consciousness, they warned me that it would be difficult for me to work with security in this particular business.
In Kathmandu, I was involved with women who had previously been sexual slaves.
I was driven by some angry stairs that they gave to this dirty, free light store.
It wasn't exactly a brothel.
It was rather a restaurant.
Research, as you know in the office, are local for forced prostitution.
They have small, private rooms, where the Women's slaves with their girls and children, some of the only seven years are forced to entertain the customers and encourage them to buy more food and alcohol.
Each dot is dark and dirty, identified by a number painted on the wall and divided by a biomass and a curtain.
The workers often suffer sexual abuse to their clients.
On the board, I remember having sense an oily acute fear, and in that instant, I could barely imagine what's supposed to be stuck in that hell.
I just had a output: the stairs where I walked in.
There were no backdoor doors.
There were no windows big enough to climb.
Those people don't have a escape, and because we touch a very difficult subject, it's important to point out that slavery, even sexual traffic, happens around us.
There are hundreds of people enslaved in agriculture, in restaurants, in the domestic service, and the list can continue.
Recently, the New York Times report that among 100,000 American children are sold every year as sexual slaves.
It happens everywhere, but we don't see it.
The textiles are another activity that we often relate to the workforce.
I visited Indian villages in which there were entire families enslaved in the silk trade.
This is a family portrait.
The theoretical hands of black are the father, the blue tissues and the red, of their children.
They mix scores in these big barrels and summer the silk in the liquid to the elbow, but the ink is toxic.
My background told me his stories.
\" We don't have freedom ,"they said.
\" We still hope, however, we can get out of this house someday and go somewhere else where our work really paid us . ''
It's estimated that there are more than 4,000 enslaved children in the Village Lake, the largest artificial lake in the world.
When we arrived, I went to take a quick look.
I saw what seemed to be a fish family in a boat, two older brothers, some younger kids, makes sense not?
Error . They were all slaves.
Kids are separated from their translucent, disappeared families, and forced to work in these boats in these boats in the lake, despite not knowing.
This kid is eight.
When our boat came up, he was shaking; she feared that his little canoe was standardized.
I was paralyzed by the fear of falling into the water.
The branches of the trees of the trees plunged in the Logo Lake often catch networks and children, fatigue and fear, they throw into the water to wake up the branches.
Many are drowning.
Since I remember, it's always been forced to work on the lake.
For fear of your love, it's not going to flee, and like all life has been treated with cruelty, it creates the younger slaves under your command.
I met these guys at five a.m.
It's the cold night.
And I have to point out that these networks weigh over 400 pounds when they're full of fish.
I want to introduce you to Kofi.
Kofi was rescued in a fishing village.
I met him in a shelter in which the SETI is released to victims of slavery.
Kofi symbolizes the possible.
Who will become because someone decided to make the difference in their life?
Driving on a road in Ghana with the Saturday partners, the solar fellow with his motorcycle suddenly accelerate and tips our car and touch the window.
He asked us to follow it by a path of land to the jungle.
At the end of the road, he insisted us out of the car, and he asked the driver to go quickly.
And then he pointed out this window just visible and said,``This is the path, this is the path . Come . ''
As we started to go down, we took the surroundings that blocked the path and after walking about an hour, we found that the path was attached by the recent rains, so I put the photo team over my head as we went down in these waters to the chest.
After two hours of walking, the small path ended up in a clear, and we had a mass of holes that could fit in a football field, and they were all filled with enslaved workers.
A lot of women had kids tied up to their backs, and while they were looking for gold, they walked in the waters poisoned with mercury.
The mercury is used in the extraction process.
These miners are enslaved in a manhole in the other part of Ghana.
When they came out of the pump, they were packaged in their own sweat.
I remember looking at their eyes tired, irritated, because many had been underground for 72 hours.
The wells have to 90 feet, and these people are carrying heavy bags of stone that then will be transported to another area where they're going to move the stone to be able to extract the gold.
In the first sight, the site seems to be filled with strong men and valuable men, but if we look closer, we see a lot less lucky and also children.
They're all victims of injury, diseases and violence.
In fact, it's very likely that this muscle ends up like this victim of tuberculosis and the invention of the market in a few years.
This is Manhattan . When his father died his father, he took him to work with him in mines.
By dying his uncle, Manuel inherit the debt that force it to be slave in mines.
When I met it, I had worked in the mines 14, and the lesion of the leg you see here is a product of an accident in the mine, so serious that doctors said it should be amputated.
In addition to that, Manya has T.B. and, though, it's forced to work night and day in that mine.
Still, he dreams to be released and educated with the help of local activists like Free, and is this kind of determination, of face to remote possibility, which I'm inspired by a lot of respect.
I want to throw light on slavery.
They knew that their images would be seen by you all over the world.
I wanted you to know that we're going to give testimony of them and we'll make everything possible to help change their lives.
I honestly believe that if we can see each other as human beings, then it's very difficult to tolerate atrocities like slavery.
These images are not journals . They're people, real people, like you and like me, that deserve the same rights, dignity and respect in their lives.
There's no day that I don't think about these so many beautiful, battered people that I've had the great honor of knowing.
I hope that these images are going to take a force in who you see them, in people like you, and I hope that that force leads a fire and that fire shine light on slavery because without that light, the beast of slavery can continue to live in the shadows.
Thank you very much.
I do an applied math, and there's a peculiar problem for whom it does: we are like management consultants.
Nobody knows what the hell we do.
So today, I'm going to try and tell you what I do.
Dance is one of the most human activities.
We'll give you the virtues of the ballet and the classroom dancers that we'll see later.
But the ballet demands a degree of extraordinary training, a high level of dexterity and probably certain initial competence that can well have a genetic component.
Sadly, the neurological disorders like Parkinson's disease gradually destroy this extraordinary ability, as I do with my friend Jane Stroons who, in his time, was a virtuous ballet dancer.
In the last few years, a lot has been progress in treatment.
However, there are six billion people in the world who are sick, and they have to deal with an incurable, terrible, rigorous weakness and other symptoms of this disease, so we need objective tools to detect the disease before it's too late.
We need to be able to measure progress in an objective way, and ultimately the only way we know there is actually a cure to be when we have an objective and close metric.
But it's frustrating for Parkinson and other disorders of movement, there are no biological marker, so they don't serve the blood analysis and the best thing we have is a 20 minutes neurological exam.
You have to go to a clinic to do it . It's very, very expensive, and that means, outside of clinical trials, they never do . It's never done.
And what if patients could do it at home?
That would save a difficult journey to the clinic . What if patients could get the test themselves?
You wouldn't need personal.
By the way, it costs about 300 dollars in the neurological clinic.
So what I want to offer you as not conventional to try, you see, in a sense at least, we're all virtuous as my friend Jane Streething.
This is a video of the vibration of vocal strings.
It shows someone healthy as they get sounds to speak, and we can imagine as dancers of a vocal bullet, because we have to coordinate all these vocal organs to produce sounds and we all have the genes necessary . The FOXP2, for example.
And, like the ballet, it requires an extraordinary level of extraordinary training.
Let's think about the time it takes a child to learn to speak.
From sound, we can trace the position of vocal strings as vibrate, and as the Parkinson affects the limbs, it also affects the vocal organs.
In the bottom of the bottom, you can see an example of irregular talk of vocal strings.
We see the same symptoms.
Complex, weakness and stiffness.
The speech becomes more quiet and applied after a while, and this is an example of symptoms.
How are these testing based on the voice with specialized clinical trials? Well, both of them are not invasive.
The neurological test is not invasive . Both use existing infrastructure.
You don't need to design a whole series of hospitals to do it.
Both of them are accurate . Okay, but also the based tests are not specialized.
I mean, they can be survived.
They do very quickly, they take about 30 seconds as much.
It's a minimum cost.
When something acquired a low-cost cost, it appears to scale.
These are some amazing goals ready to address.
We can reduce the logistical difficulties of patients.
I wouldn't have to go to the clinic for routine check.
With high frequency monitoring, we could get objective data.
We could make massive low cost for clinical trials, and for the first time, checked factories at the very first time.
We have the opportunity to start looking for the first biomaterials of disease before it's too late.
So, when you give the first steps in that sense, we're launching the Parkinson's vocal Initiative.
Together to Acutabre and Patents, we want to record a lot of voices around the world to collect enough data and start to address these goals.
We have accessible local lines for about 750 million people in the world.
Anybody, with or without Parkinson, can call low price and leave recordings for a few cents, and I'm pleased to announce that we've reached six percent of the goal in just eight hours.
Thank you . Tom Rielly: So Max, taking all these samples of, say 10,000 people, can you say who's healthy and who isn't?
What do you take out of these samples?
Max Littman: Yeah, yeah . What happens is, during the call, you have to indicate whether you have or not disease . TR: Sure.
MR: You see, some people cannot pass it . You may not get it.
But we're going to get a very large sample of collected data in different circumstances, and doing it in different circumstances is important because we're looking for limited factors in search from the actual markers of the disease.
TR: Do you have 86 percent accuracy right now?
MR: Much more than that.
Actually, my Tanishan student, I have to publish it, has done a fantastic job, and now it's shown that it works in the mobile phone network as well, what you scale the project . We now have a 99 percent accuracy.
TR: New and nine . Well, it's a improvement.
MR: Absolutely.
TR: Thank you very much . Max Littman, public.
RL: Thank you, Tom.
Before March 2011, I made photographic returns in New York City.
We're credit creatures, gray.
We hide in darkness, in rooms without windows, and usually we avoid sunlight.
We do to the slower models still more thin, the perfect skin still more perfect, we do the impossible, possible and criticize us in the press all the time, but some of us are really artists with a lot of years of experience and a real taste for images and photography.
On March 11th , 2011, I saw from my house, like the rest of the world, the tragic events that happen in Japan.
Shortly after, an organization where it was voluntary, there Handsheed volunteers, was in the place working as part of the response team.
I, along with hundreds of other volunteers, we knew we couldn't stay at home, so I decided to join the group for three weeks.
On May 13.
It's a little fishermen of fishermen located in the Islamic pressure of nearly 50,000 people, one of the first people affected by the wave.
The water level recorded over 24 feet high and over three miles land inside.
As you can imagine, the village was devastated.
We take screws out of the channels and the wheels.
We clean schools . We take off the mud and let's leave the houses ready to be renewed and republing.
We take tons and tons of dead fish, supporter, rotten of local factory.
We were excited, and we loved it.
For weeks, both volunteers like neighbors found similar things.
They found pictures and photos of photos and cameras and 2D cards.
Everyone did the same.
They'll pick them up and bring them to different places of people around them to keep them.
It wasn't until then I realized that those pictures represented an enormous part of the personal losses that those people had suffered.
While they were on the wave, and to save their lives, they had to abandon absolutely everything they had.
At the end of my first week, I started helping in a village assessment center.
He helped clean the common bathrooms, the huge, giant bathtub.
This place turned out to be also the place of the village where the processing center collects the photos.
And there I had them, and I had the honor that that day would trust me to clean the photos.
This was exciting and inspiring, I had heard the expression beyond the horizon, but it wasn't until I was going to move myself out of my horizons than something happened.
By looking at the photos, I found some that they had over a hundred years old, some of them were still at the top of the lab, and I couldn't avoid thinking about how to fix that trait and repair that trait and knew hundreds of people who could do the same thing.
So that night I walked into Facebook contact with some of them, and the next morning, the answer was so overwhelmed and positive, that I knew we had to try.
So we started playing the pictures.
This was the first of all.
It wasn't too strange, but where the water had broken the face of the child, it had to fix with a lot of precision and slide.
Otherwise, that little girl wouldn't have the aspect of her, and that would be as tragic as having the spoiled picture.
With the time step, they came up for a lot more photos, and they needed more retrospects, this is that I entered Facebook and LinkedIn and five days later , 80 people in 12 countries were offered to help.
Within two weeks, I had 150 people desire to join.
In Japan, in July, we mobilized Rivering, a neighboring village north of Shaman.
Once a week, we used our scanner in the temporal photographic libraries that had been installed, where people were going to reclaim their photos.
The time they were trying to deliver them is a different story, it depends on the spectrum of photos.
It could involve an hour . It could involve weeks.
It could involve months.
This guy had to draw virtually by hand using the areas whose color and detail was not destroyed.
It took a long time.
The water destroyed all these pictures plunged in seawater, covered from bacteria, with algae, even with oil, all of that together with the time step down, destroying them, so clean by hand was an important part of the project.
We couldn't play the photo unless it was clean, dry and had been recruited by its owner.
We were lucky to hand.
We've got an admirable neighbor guide.
It's very easy to damage even more pictures.
As Wang once said, the leader of my group is like making a tattoo.
You can't make mistakes.
The woman who brought us these pictures was lucky in relation to photos.
She had started cleaning her herself, but he stopped to realize that he would hurt them even more.
I had doubled.
Without them, the images of their husband and their own face would not have been able to rebuild, we could flap the images in a single picture and play the whole picture.
When he picked up his photos shared from her history with us.
A colleagues of his husband found the photos in a bubble station between the rubble pretty far from where their house used to be, but their colleagues recognized it.
The day of the tsunami, his husband was the experimenter to close the barriers into the wave.
He had to go inside the water while the Sirens were sounded.
Their little kids, not so small now, but their two children were in school, in different schools.
One of them was trapped in the water.
He took a week to find all his family and knowing that they had all survived.
The day I handed her photos his youngest son was 14 years old.
For her, despite all this, those pictures were the best gift I could do, something that he could go back to look, something that could remember from the past that wouldn't have been tagged by that day of March when everything in his life changed or was destroyed.
After six months in Japan 1,100 volunteers had joined up to A Hans hundreds of them helped us clean by hand by more than 150,000 photographs, the vast majority -- the great majority of them came to their owners.
Over 500 volunteers around the world helped us back to 90 families of fully refined and backward photos.
During this time, we really don't spend more than 1,000 dollars in teams and materials, most of them in terms of printers.
We take pictures constantly.
A picture is a memory of someone or something, a place, a relationship, someone wants.
These are guards of our memories and stories, the last thing we would take, but the first thing we'll go back.
And about this, I was dealing with the project, to restore small pieces of humanity, to return someone their connection to the past.
When a picture like this is coming back to someone, enormous difference in the life of the person gets it.
This project also made a huge difference in the life of the retrospects.
Some of them connected with something larger, to go back to something, using their talent for something that's not thin skills of perfect skin.
To end up, I'd like to read this email, and I sent it in the day that I came back from Japan after six months.
As I was playing, I couldn't avoid thinking about people and stories shown in the images.
One in particular, a picture with women from different ages from the grandmother to the small girl, gathered around a baby, moved me, because a similar picture of my family, my grandmother, my mother and my newborn, hangs from our wall.
In the entire world, in all of our basic needs are the same, right?
Thank you.
Doc Edian inspired us to wonder and curiosity with this picture of a bullet that goes through an apple in an exhibition of only one million seconds.
But now , 50 years later, we can go a million times faster and see the world not to a million or a billion, but to a trillion frames per second.
I present you a new kind of photograph: the phenomenon -- a new technique that can create videos in slow camera of light in motion.
And with that, we can create cameras that you can see after the corners, beyond the line of vision, or see the inside of the body without using X-rays, and really challenges the idea of camera.
If you take a laser pointer and turn it off and turn it into a billion or a second, you'll create a picture of photons from just a millimeter wide.
And that picture of photons, that bullet, travel at the speed of light, and, again, a million times faster than a common bullet.
If we take that bullet and this picture of photons and shooting in this bottle, how do those photons spread inside this bottle?
What is the aspect of light in slow motion?
Now, all of this -- remember that all of this happens in less than a nest is what it takes to travel the light.
But this video is 10 billion times slower so you can see the light in motion.
Coca-Cola doesn't adopt this research . There's a lot of things in this movie; it's going to waste this information to show what's going on.
The pulse, our bullet, comes into the bottle with a package of photons that starts to go through it, and within, it starts to dissolve.
Part of the light goes down, goes to the table, and we started seeing these reductions.
A lot of the photons finally get to the top and then explode in various directions.
As you can see, there's an air bubble that bounces inside.
In that time, the waves travel by the table, and because of the reflection of the top, you see in the bottom of the bottle, after several frames, that the thoughts are concentrated.
Now, if we take a common and current bullet, and we make it go the same distance, and we see it in slow motion to about 10 billion times, how much do you think it would take us to see that film?
One day? A week? Actually, a whole year.
It would be a very boring film of a slow in motion.
And what about testing with dead nature?
You can see the waves that are supported from the table, the tomato and the wall of the background.
It's like throwing a stone in a pond.
It's the way nature paint a picture, I thought, from a feather at a time, but of course, our eyes see an integral composition.
But if you look at this one more time, you realize that, as the light comes out of the tomato, it goes bright . It doesn't get dark.
Why? Because the tomato is mature and the light bounces inside and it goes back after several billion of the second.
In the future, when this woman is on his mobile phones, they're going to be able to go to the supermarket and verify if the fruit is mature without having to touch it.
So what do we create this camera at MIT?
As a photographers, you know, if we take a low exhibition, it enters very little light.
But we're going to go a billion times faster than the shortest exhibition, so you just get some light.
We send that bullet, that picture of photons, millions of times, and we recorded over and over and over and over again with a very astute symphony, we took those gigabytes of data and we were trying to build those feedback that I showed you.
We can take all of those raw data and process them in a interesting way.
Superman can fly.
Other heroes can become invisible.
What if a new power of a surface future would allow you to see after the corners?
The idea is that we could throw some light on the door . bounce down, enter the room, a part is going to reflect on the door, and from there to the camera.
Where we could extract those multiple lights of light.
It's not science fiction . We've already built it.
On the left, it's our chemotherapy.
Behind the wall there is a handle and we'll bounce the light on the door.
And after the publication of our article in Nature communications.
And a small fraction of photons will come back to the camera, but interestingly, in slightly different moments.
And as we have a camera that works that fast, our signature, it has unique capabilities.
It's got very good temporal resolution and can look at the world at the speed of light.
So, we know the distances to the door, and also to the hidden objects, but we don't know how much it is to what distance.
By projecting a laser, you can record a picture of gross, which, you see on the screen, really doesn't make any sense.
But we'll take a lot of images like this, dozens of images, we'll bring them together and try to analyze the multiple light bounce, and with that, can we see the hidden object?
Can we see it in 3D?
This is our reconstruction.
We have things to explore before we get this out of the lab, but in the future, we could create cars that avoid collisions with what's around the curve.
Or we could look for survivors in dangerous conditions looking at the light reflected by open windows.
Or we could build springs able to see the inside of the body by dragging oceans, and the same thing for cardiovas.
But of course, because of tissue and blood, this is quite difficult, so this is actually a request to scientists so that they start thinking about feminism as a new visualization model to solve the problems of the health in the health of the next generation.
Just like Doc Edward, he himself, a scientist, turned science into art, an art of ultraviolet photographs.
I realized that all the gigabytes that we collected every time are not just for scientific visualizations.
Create a new form of computing photography with slow camera and color.
And look at those waves . Remember, the time between each one of those waves is only a few billion seconds.
But there is something funny.
If you look at the waves underneath the cap, these are coming away from us.
The waves should move to us.
What happens here?
It turns out, as we're recording about the speed of light, we have strange effects . Einstein would have looked at this image.
The order in which the events are happening in the world sometimes appears to the camera.
By applying the corrupt warping of space and time, we can correct this distortion.
It's time . Thank you.
Hello . This is my mobile phone.
A mobile phone can change life, and it gives you individual freedom.
With a mobile phone, it can photograph a crime against humanity in Syria.
With a mobile phone, you can tweet a message and start a protest in Egypt.
With a mobile phone, you can record a song, to go up to Solary and get famous.
This is all possible with a mobile phone.
I'm a 1984 boy in the city of Berlin.
Let's go back to that moment, to this city.
So here you can see how hundreds of thousands of people were looking for a change.
This is the fall of 1989 . Imagine if all these people who protest looking for a change, they had a mobile in the pocket.
Who from the present have a mobile phone here?
Give them.
Take your mobile phones, you get them up.
Give them up . An Android, a Blackberry, wow!
It's a lot . It's almost all of you today have a mobile phone.
But I'm talking about me today, of my mobile phone, and how my life changed.
I'm going to talk about this.
These are 35 8.8 lines of information.
Babies in gross.
Why is that information there?
Because in the summer of 2006, the E.U . Commission presented a directive.
The Data Protection Director.
This directive says that every Internet telephone company, every Internet provider around Europe, has to store a wide range of information of users.
Who's called who . Who sends an email to who.
Who sends a text to who.
And if we use the mobile phone, where we are.
All of this information is stored for at least six months, and even two years, in his phone company or his Internet provider.
And all over Europe, people stood up and said,``We don't want this . ''
They said they didn't want this data.
We want the address in the digital age, and we don't want the phone and the Internet providers to store all this information about us.
There were lawyers, journalists, priests, everybody said,``We don't want this . ''
And here you can see about 10 thousand people who went into the streets of Berlin and said,``Freedom, not fear . ''
And some of them even said that this would be the Stage 2.0.
The Stalin was the secret police of East Germany.
And I also wondered if this works really.
Can you store all this information about us?
Every time I use the mobile phone?
So I asked my phone, December Telescope, who was at the time was the largest telephone company in Germany, who please send me all the information they had about me.
I asked them once, and I went back to ask, and I didn't get a concrete response . It was all blah blah.
But then I said,``I want to have this information because you are protecting my life . ''
So I decided to start a judicial demand because I wanted to have this information.
But December Team said no, we won't give you this information.
At the end, we signed an agreement.
I would take the demand, and they send me the information that I asked.
Meanwhile, the German constitutional tribunal failed the institution for German law of the E.U.
So I got this ugly thing about brown with a CD inside.
And at the CD, there was this.
Thirty and five thousand different lines of information.
At first I saw them and I said, well, it's a huge archive . Okay.
But after a while, I realized that it's my life.
There are six months of my life in this archive.
It was a little bit skeptical: what should I do with that?
Because you can see where I am, where I spend the night, what I'm doing.
But then I said, I want this information to go out.
I want to make it public.
Because I want to show people what data feedback means.
So, along with Seth Online and Open Data City, we did this.
This is a six months visualization of my life.
You can zoom around and get away, go backwards and forwards.
You can see every step I give.
And you can see how I go from Francisco in train to colony, and with how often I call the trajectory.
This is all possible with this information.
That's a bit of fear.
But it's not just about me.
It's about all of us.
First, there are things like, I call my wife and she calls me, we talk a couple of times.
Then they call me some friends and they call each other.
And then you call the other, and the other one, and we ended up with this great media network.
You can see how their people communicate each other to what time they call each other, which time they sleep.
You can see all this.
You can see the centers, the leaders of the group.
If you have access to this information, you can see what society is doing.
If you have access to this information, you can control your society.
This is a model for countries like China and Iran.
This is a model to study the shape of your society, because you know who talks to who, who sends an email to who, all of this is possible if you have access to this information.
And this information is stored at least six months in Europe, and even two years.
As I said at the beginning, imagine if all these people in the streets of Berlin, in the fall of 1989, they had a mobile in the pocket.
And the Shah would have known who involved in this protest, and, if the Shah had known who the leaders were, it would never have happened.
The fall of Berlin Wall may never have happened.
And, in consequence, neither of the iron curtain.
Because today, state agencies and companies want to store as much information from us as possible inside and outside the web.
They want to have the possibility to follow our lives and they want to store them forever.
But the self-determination and living in the digital age is not a contradiction.
But today you have to fight for self-determination.
You have to fight for that every day.
When they go home to tell their friends that privacy is a 21st century value, and it's not moving.
When you go home, tell your representatives that just because companies and state agencies can store some information, you don't have to.
And if you don't believe me, ask your phone company, what information you store from you.
So in the future, every time you use your mobile phones to remind you that you have to fight for self-determination in the digital era.
Thank you.
Hello TEDWomen, what happens?
It's not enough.
Hello TEDWomen, what happens?
It's called me Massaldo Zapa and I'm not drunk, but I know the doctor that brought me into the world.
I cut my mom six times in six different directions, assuming the poor of me in the process.
As a result, I have brain palsy, so I shake all the time.
Look.
It's exhausting . I'm like a show of Share-A-Dawlent.
And Muhammad Ali.
La C. is not genetics.
It's not cool and it can be counted.
Nobody claimed my mother's uterus and not, because my parents were brother cousins, although they are.
Just by accidents, like the one that happened to me.
Now, I warn you, I'm not a source of inspiration.
It feels bad for me, because at some point in life, they've wanted to be disabled.
Let's go from walk.
Christmas spider, they're in the mall, they drive in circles for parking parking and what do you see?
16 empty places for disabled.
And they think,``God, can I be at least a little bit disabled? ''
Also, I tell you, I have 99 problems, and P C is just one of them.
There's a population of oppression, I would win the gold medal.
I'm Palestine, Muslim, woman, disabled and alive in New Jersey.
If you don't feel better, maybe you should.
I'm from Park Click, in New Jersey.
I always loved my neighborhood and my disease had the same initials.
I also love that if I wanted to walk from my house to New York, I could.
A lot of people with brain palsy don't walk, but my parents don't believe in``can't be . ''
The mantra of my father was,``You can do it; dancing songs . ''
If my three older sisters cleaned, I cleaned.
If my three older sisters were going to public school, my parents were leading to the school system, and they were sure that I was also, and if we didn't get all the maximum note, we all got my mother's shoes.
My father taught me to walk at five years by putting my talents on their feet and just walking.
Another technique that I used was to hang a dollar in front of me so that I would pursue.
The strange that I carry in was very strong and ...
Yes . The first day in the kindergarten was walking like a boxing champion that has received a lot of hits.
Growing up, there were only six Arabs in my city, and they were all of the family.
Now there are 20 Arabs, and they continue to be all of the family . I think nobody realized that we were not Italian.
This was before 9/11 and that politicians would be able to use``hate Muslims"as a campaign.
The people who grew up had no problems with my faith.
However, it seemed to worry a lot about hunger during the range.
I told you that I had enough fat to live three more months without eating, so I'll help the dawn when it's very easy.
Bay taboo in Broadway.
Yes, in Broadway . It's crazy . My parents couldn't pay the physical therapy, so they sent me to the dance school.
I learned to dance with heels, or I can walk with heels.
I'm from New Jersey, and we want to be a kid, so if my friends were using heels, I also.
And when my friends were going to spend summer vacation on the coast of Jerusalem, I wasn't going.
I spent my summers in a war zone, because my parents feared that if we don't go back to Palestine all the summer, we will become Madonna.
In summer vacation often my father was trying to heal me, so I drink milk, and they put me warm cups on the back, I immersed in the Dead Sea, and I remember that the water burns my eyes and I thought,``Wow, it works! ''
But the miracle cure was the yoga.
I should say that it's very boring, but before you make yoga, it was a standard comedian that couldn't stand on foot.
And now I can hold on my head.
My parents reinforced this idea that I could do anything, that no dream was impossible, and my dream was to be in the General Hospital Telescope.
I went to college through positive discrimination and I got a scholarship for the United States, University of the state of Arizona, because it was in all the coupons.
It was like the pet limb of the theater department.
Everyone loved me.
I did all the least intelligent tasks, I took the ultimate note in my classes, and also in their classes.
Every time I made a scene from the crystal zoo, my teachers cried.
But I never got a role.
Finally, in my last year, the United States decided to make a piece called Daniel very slow dance in Jackson.
It's a piece of a girl with brain palsy.
I was a girl with brain palsy.
So I started screaming the four winds,``In the end, I'll have a role!
I have brain palsy!
By the end, free!
Thank God all-powerful, I'm at the end I'm free . ''
I didn't get the paper . You gave this to Steven Brown.
I went to join the director of the theater department, crying historically, as if someone would have killed my cat, to ask why, and she told me that because they believed that I couldn't do the risk scenes.
And I said,``Excuse me, if I can't do the stunt scenes, I can't do the character . ''
It was a paper that was literally born and given to an actress without brain palsy.
College was imitating my life.
Hollywood has a short history of adding unprecedented actors for disabled papers.
When I graduated, I came home, and my first current tour was like strange on a telephone.
My dream became reality.
And I knew that it would be``company"to``better friend ,"in a sandwich.
Instead, I was there like a vase, I didn't look at me more than the number, and it was obvious to me that repair directors don't hire fat, not white actresses, with disability.
They just hired perfect people.
But there were exceptions to the rule.
I grew up watching White Goldberg, Rosevoiz Barry, Ellen, and all these women had one thing in common: they were comedians.
That's why I got humor.
In my first tour, I took famous comics from New York to New Jersey, and I'll never forget the face of the first cartoon that I took when I fell on the account that I was high-speed by the New Jersey highway with a driver that had brain palsy.
I worked in clubs around the United States, and also in Arabic in the Middle East, without censorship and without veil.
Some people say I'm the first monopoly of the Arab world.
I don't like to recruit the first place, but I know that you've never heard that little nasty buzz that says that women are not fun, and they find ourselves very funny.
In 2003, my brother brother and father, Dean Obama, and I launched the New York City Festival, now in his 10 year.
Our goal was to change the negative image of the Americans in communication media, and then to remind the directors of repair that South and Arabic are not synonymous.
Interesting Arabs was much easier than fighting the challenge of the stigma of disability.
My great opportunity came in 2010.
I went as invited to the cable news program behind Keith Lebands.
I walked into a graduate dance, and they dragged me into a studio and sat in a wheelchair.
I looked at the principal and I said,``Excuse me, can you give me another chair? ''
She looked at me and said,``Five, four, three, two...''
And we were live.
So I got to the desk desk to not get out of the screen during the segment, and when I finished the interview, I was pale.
At the end, I had my opportunity and disappeared . I knew you wouldn't get invited.
But not only Mr. Albertnera came back to invite me, but she was like full time participants and pasted my chair.
Something fun that I learned in direct with Keith Lebanons was that people on the Internet are Scotland.
Kids are told that children are cruel, but they never got out of me or even greater.
Suddenly, my disability on the Internet became strength object.
He saw clips online with comments like,``Why is it? ''
\" Is it shocked?"`` . ''
And my favorite:``Poor terrorist bubble.
What disease does it have?
We should really pray for it . ''
A comment suggested even that I would add my disability to my rsum: guitar, comedian, paralyzed.
Disability is as visual as race.
If somebody in wheelchair can't make Benki, then Beijing can't make anybody in the wheelchair.
The disabled is the -- yes, clap, man . Go.
The disabled minority of the world, and the most supermarkets in the world, and the most supermarkets in the entertainment world.
The doctors said I wouldn't walk, but I'm here in front of you.
However, of having grown up with media media, I don't think it was.
I hope that together we can create more positive images of disability in media and everyday life.
Perhaps if there were more positive images, that would be less hatred on the Internet.
Or maybe not.
Maybe we still need all the society to teach our children well.
My torso has led me to very spectacular places.
I got to walk through the red carpet, which is written by the diversity of the Telescope Susan Luck and the Lester Army Army.
I came to act in a movie with Adam Sandle and working with my idol, the incredible Dave Matthew.
And the world is going to go crazy.
I was convicted of the great state of New Jersey in 2008.
And I founded``The Children of May ,"a charity to give children Palestinian refugees a little bit of what my parents gave me.
It was the only time my father saw me live, and I spent this talk to her memory.
Paper.
It's called me Man Zapa, and if I can, you can.
I'd like to tell you a story about a child of a small village.
I don't know your name, but I know your story.
He lives in a little town to South of Somalia.
This town is near Mogadishu.
drought drives the little village to poverty and the edge of the winter.
Without anything for him, it goes to the great city, in this case, Michaelte, the capital of Somalia.
When it comes there, there's no opportunity, there's no work, no future perspective.
He ended up living on a tent in the city outside of Mogadishu.
After maybe a year, nothing.
A day is approaching a gentleman who offers him to take lunch, then to dinner, to breakfast.
He knows a group of people, which gives him a break.
He gets a little bit of money to buy new clothes, money to send home, his family.
You present a young man.
It's finally home.
It starts a new life.
It has a life goal.
A beautiful day in Mogadishu, under a blue sky, a car bomb.
That little boy from that little town with the great careful dreams was the suicide bomber, and that dynamic group of people were al Shabaab, a terrorist organization connected with the Qaeda.
So, how is the history of a little town trying to fulfill his dreams in the city end with him by measuring?
He was waiting.
I was expecting an opportunity, waiting to start its future, waiting for a future perspective, and this was the first thing that came.
This was the first thing that I pulled out of what we call``the waiting period . ''
And his story repeats in urban centers around the world.
It's the history of the marginalized, urban urban young people who trigger riots in Johannesburg, they trigger riots in London, which look for something beyond the``waiting period . ''
For young people, the promise of the city, the great dream of the city is the opportunity, of work, of well-being, but young people don't participate in the prosperity of their cities.
It's often the youth that suffer from the highest rates of unemployment.
By 2030, three in five people living in cities will be under 18.
If we don't include young people in the growth of our cities, if we don't give them opportunities, the history of``wait period ,"the door of access to terrorism, to violence, to gangs, will be the history of cities 2.0.
And in my birth of birth, Michael , 70 percent of young people are unemployed.
70 percent doesn't work, it doesn't go to school.
They do nothing practically.
I went back to Mogadishu last month, and I went to visit the Marine Hospital, the hospital where I was born.
I remember being in the hospital, and I remember thinking,``And if I'd never gone? ''
What if I was forced to be in that same``waiting period"?
Would I have become a terrorist?
I'm not really sure the answer.
The reason I was in Mogadishu that month was actually to get a few juvenile leaders on a corporate record.
It brings about 90 Somali juvenile leaders.
We sat down, and we had a brainstorming of ideas about solutions to the big challenges that the city faces.
One of the young people in the room was Adam.
He went at the University of Mexico, graduated.
There was no work, no opportunity.
I remember when he told me, because he was a graduate, unemployed college, frustrated, was the perfect white for al Shabaab and other terrorist organizations, to be recruited.
They were looking for people like him.
But this story takes a different path.
In Mogadishu, the biggest obstacle to come from point A to B are the streets.
Twenty-five years of civil war have completely destroyed the road system, and a motorcycle can be the easiest way to mobilize.
Adam saw an opportunity and he took it.
It started a motorcycle company.
It started by linking motorcycles to the local residents who normally couldn't buy them.
I bought 10 engines, with the help of his family and friends, and his dream is at some point to expand to hundreds of motors for the next three years.
Why is this story different?
What does this story different?
I think its ability to identify and leverage a new opportunity.
It's the corporate spirit, and I think the corporate spirit can be the most powerful tool against``waiting period . ''
Face the young people to be the creators of the economic opportunities that are looking so desperately.
And you can train young people to be entrepreneurs.
I want to talk about a young man who attended one of my meetings, Mahatma Mohan, a flower.
I was helping to train some of the young people in the company of corporate initiative and how to be innovative and how to create a culture of corporate initiative.
In fact, it's the first flower that Mogadishu has seen in more than 22 years, and until recently, until Mohamed came, if you wanted flowers to your wedding, you were using plastic sent from the foreigner.
If you asked someone,``When was the last time you saw fresh flowers? ''
For those who grew up during the civil war, the answer would be,``Never . ''
So, Mohamed saw an opportunity.
It started a company of spray and floral design.
I created a farm outside of Mogadishu, and it started growing the telephones and the books, which according to, could survive the hard climate of Mogadishu.
And it started the deliver of flowers for weddings, creating gardens in the houses, and the city companies, and now it's working at the creation of the first public park in Mogadishu in 22 years.
There are no public parks in Mogadishu.
He wants to create a space where families, young people, can go together, and as he says, smell the proverbial pink.
By the way, he doesn't grow pink because they use a lot of water.
So, the first step is to inspire young people, and in that room, Muhammad's presence had a really profound impact on young people.
They had never thought of beginning a business.
They had thought about working for an NGO, working for government, but their story, their innovation, actually had a strong impact on them.
He forced them to look at their city as a place of opportunities.
I encouraged them to believe that they could be entrepreneurs, that they could be a change of change.
By the end of the day, they already had innovative solutions for some of the biggest challenges that the city face.
They took corporate solutions for local problems.
So inspired young people and creating a cultural spirit culture is really a big step, but young people need capital to make their ideas.
They need experience and guidance to guide them in development and put out of their businesses.
They connect young people with the resources that they need, bringing the support they need to move from conception to creation, and create catalyst for urban growth.
To me, the corporate spirit is something else to start a business.
It's to create a social impact.
Mohamed is not just selling flowers.
I think it's selling hope.
His Peace Park, this is how he calls it, when he's created, transform the way people see their city.
Adam hired the street children to help rent and keep the motors for him.
He gave them the opportunity to escape from``waiting period . ''
These young entrepreneurs are having a tremendous impact in their cities.
So my suggestion is, they turn the young people into entrepreneurs, including and feeding their inherent innovation, and they'll have more stories about flowers and Peace parks that automatically and``waiting periods . ''
Thank you.
I was about 10 years old, and I went through my dad in the mountains December, an area to the north of New York State.
It was a beautiful day.
The central forest.
The sun made the leaves shine as a glass, and not to be on the way that we followed, almost we could pretend that we were the first human beings to go on that land.
We got to our camp.
It was a corner in a rescue with a beautiful Christian lake when I discovered something horrible.
Behind the barber, there was a trash, about four square feet with apple hearts rotten balls of aluminum paper, and old albarding.
And I was announced, I was very angry and incredibly confused.
The camps that were too lazy to get out what they had brought, who thought he was going to clean their trash?
That question went along with me, and it blew a little bit.
Who clean our trash?
No matter how to organize or where you put the``ours ,"who clean our trash in Istanbul?
Who clean our trash in Rio or in Paris or in London?
Here in New York, the Department of Health clean our trash, which is about 11,000 tons of waste and 2,000 tons of recycled products every day.
I wanted to know them as individuals.
I wanted to understand who does that work.
What do you feel like to use the uniform and take that load?
So I started a research project with them.
I traveled on the trucks and walked through their tracks and interviewed people in office and facilities across the city, and I learned a lot, but it was still an intruder.
I needed to get more.
So I started working as a trash collection.
Now I didn't just travel in the trucks . I drove them.
And I operated the mechanical schools and the snow.
It was a remarkable privilege and an amazing learning.
You all ask about smell.
It's there, but it's not as predictable as you believe, and in the days that it's very strong, you get very quickly.
It costs a lot to be used to weight.
I met people who had worked on that for several years and their bodies continued to take the weight of taking on their body tons of trash every week.
It's also the danger.
According to the Bureau of Labor Statistics, waste collection is one of the most dangerous occupation in the country, and I learned the reason.
You're coming out and enter the traffic all day, and you pass around you.
They just want to go, so in general, the driver is not paying attention.
That's really bad for the worker.
And also the trash itself is full of dangers that are often falling from the truck and produce terrible damage.
I also learned about the important of garbage.
When you get out of the quantum and you see a city from the back of the truck, you get to understand that garbage is like a force of nature itself.
He never stopped coming.
It's also like a form of breath or circulation.
It must always be in motion.
And it's also the stigma.
It seems to me that stigma is especially ironic because I believe that waste collectors are the most important workforce in city streets, for three reasons.
They are the first public health protection.
If you don't get rid of waste in efficient ways and effective every day, this starts to discover from your container and your inherent dangers threaten you in very real ways.
diseases that we had controlled for decades and centuries back to outbreak and start to harm.
The economy needs them.
If we can't get rid of the old, we don't have space for what the engine engines start to fail when it's endangered.
I'm not advocating by capitalism, it just signal its relationship.
And then there's what I call our average average velocity.
I mean just about the speed that we used to move in the contemporary time.
We usually don't worry about, we don't repair, we cleaned or take our cup of coffee, our mandate bag, our water bag.
We use them, we throw them down, we forgot about them, because we know there's a workforce on the other side that will be charged from it.
So today I want to suggest a couple of ways of thinking about collection of waste that might help reduce stigma and include them in that conversation about how to design a sustainable and human city.
Your job, I think, is almost literature.
They're on the street every day, in a rhythmic.
They use a uniform in many cities.
You know when to wait.
And his work allows us to do ours.
They're almost a form of relief.
The flow that keeps us leaves us from ourselves, from our own waste, our waste, and that flow always has to stay in a way or another.
One day after September 11th , 2001, I listened to a waste collection truck on the street, grabbed my little son, and I went down the stairs running, and there was a man doing his paper recycled trajectory as he did all the Wednesday.
And I tried to thank it for doing his work that day in particular, but I started crying.
And he looked at me and just nodded, and he said,``Let's be right.
We're going to be good . ''
Shortly after that, I started to investigate the waste collection, and I went back to see that man.
It's called Paul, we worked together, and we did good friends.
I want to believe that Pauling was right.
We're going to be right.
But in our efforts to reclaim the way we exist on this planet as a species we have to include and have in account all the costs, even the very real human cost of labor.
Mutating waste, what we think when we talk about trash, represent three percent of the waste of the nation.
It's a remarkable statistic.
So in the flow of your days and your lives, the next one you see to someone whose job is clean up the garbage of you, take a moment to recognize them.
Take a moment to say thank you.
My work focuses on the connection of thinking about our community life by making a part of the environment where architecture is born naturally from conditions and local traditions.
I brought two recent projects today as an example of this.
Both projects are located in emerging countries, one in Ethiopia and the other in Tunisia.
They also share the fact that different analysis from different perspectives become an essential part of the end of architecture.
The first example started with an invitation to design a shopping center of several floors in the capital of Ethiopia, Addis Ababa.
This is the kind of building that showed us as an example, to my team and me, about what we had to design.
At the beginning, the first thing I thought was,``I want to get running . ''
After seeing some of these buildings there are many in the city, we realized that there are three important aspects to highlight.
In principle, these buildings are almost empty because they have very large stores where people can't afford to buy things.
Second, you need to employ a lot of energy because the crystals are generating heat inside, so you need a lot of cooling.
In a city where this should not happen because it's a temperate climate that goes from 20 to 25 degrees throughout the year.
And third, its aspect has nothing to do with Africa and with Ethiopia.
It's a pity of a place as rich in culture and traditions.
In our first visit to Ethiopia, it was really capitalized with the old market, which is this open-air structure where thousands of people, go and buy things every day to small marketers.
There is also that idea of using public space to generate external activity.
So I thought, that was what I really wanted to design, not a mall.
But the question was how to build a modern building, a number of floors, applying these principles.
The next challenge came to inspiration the site, which is located in a very much growing area of the city, where a lot of the buildings that we see now in the image, not existed.
And it's also between two parallel streets that are not communicating in an extension of hundreds of meters.
So the first thing we did was create a connection between these two streets, bringing all the inputs in the building.
And this extends with an inclined atrium that creates an open-air space in the building that self-esternet, by its own shape and rain.
And around this space, we've applied the idea of market with small businesses, which changes on every floor because of the shape of space.
I also thought, how do you close the building?
I wanted to find a solution that responded to local climate conditions.
And I started thinking about a tissue similar to an ant shell with performances to allow the air entrance, and also in light, but in a filter way.
Then we inspired ourselves in these beautiful buttons of the Ethiopian's.
They have properties of fractal geometry, and this helped me to model the facade.
We're building that with these little preferent pieces that are the windows that let the air go and light in a controlled way inside the building.
This is filled with these little crystals of colors that use the light inside the building to illuminate the building at night.
With these ideas, it wasn't easy to convince developers because they thought,``That's not a mall . It wasn't what we asked . ''
But in fact, we all realized that this idea of the marketplace turned out to be much more profitable than the commercial center, because ultimately, there were more local to sell.
And also the idea of the facade was much more economic, not only because of the material compared to the glass, but it's also because it didn't need to have any air conditioning.
So we got certain savings in the budget that we use to implement the project.
The first thing was to think about how to achieve the energy self-interest for the building in a city where electricity is cut almost every day.
So we got a big advantage by putting photons on the roof.
And then under those panels, we think of the roof as a new public space with areas of meeting and bars that would create this urban oasis.
And these parks on the roof, which collect water for the interior health.
It's expected for the first year, because we go through the fifth floor of building.
The second example is a master plan of 2,000 apartments and services in the city of Tunisia.
And to make a project so large, the biggest one I designed, I needed not only to understand the city of Tunisia, but also to its environment, its tradition and culture.
During that analysis, I put a special attention in the medina, a 1,000 year-old structure that was surrounded by a wall with twelve doors of access connected by almost straight lines.
When I went to the place, the first design operation that we did was to expand the existing streets, creating 12 similar blocks in size and characteristics that there are in Barcelona and other cities of Europe with these courtyards.
In addition to that, we selected some strategic dots in relation to the idea of interconnected doors with straight lines, and this modified the initial model.
And the last operation was to think of the cell, the little cell of the project, like the apartment, as an essential part of the master plan.
I thought, what would be the best guidance for an apartment in the Mediterranean climate?
And it's normal, because it creates a thermal difference between both sides of the house and therefore a natural ventilation.
So we overcome a scheme that I assure most of the apartments are perfectly oriented in that direction.
And this is the result that is almost like a combination of the European block and the Arab city.
It has these blocks, and then on the low plant we have all the connections for pedestrians.
And it also responds to local norms that make greater density in higher levels and less density on the low plant.
And it also reinforces this idea of doors.
The ceiling, which is my favorite space of the project, is almost like retricting the community, busy by building.
It's where all the neighbors, they can go up and sacrifice, and make activities like running a two miles in the morning, or jump from one building to another.
These two examples, they have a common approach in design process.
And also, they're in emerging countries, where you can see cities literally growing.
In these cities, the impact of architecture in people's lives change communities and local economies at the same pace that the buildings grow.
For this reason, I see even more important to look at architecture looking for simple but affordable solutions that improve the relationship between the community and the environment and that they have as objective to connect nature with people.
Thank you very much.
When I was eight, a new child joined our class . It was as remarkable, as you see all the new girls.
I had great amounts of hair, and a small set of pencils, cute . It was super strong for the capitals of states, very good for traffic.
I ended up that year and I was full of jealousy, until I brought my blood sinister.
One day, I got a time after the school exit . It was a little bit late, and I hid on the girls' bathroom.
When the coast was cleared, I went out, entered the classroom, I took the table of my teacher's book.
And then, I did.
I altered the ratings of my rival, just a little bit, just some of this.
All of this . And I went back to the book, but, to see, some of my other partners had very good notes as well.
So in a frenzy, I ran the notes around the world, without any imagination.
I put every row of God and myself a row of this, just for being there, because I could ...
I'm still surprised what I did.
I don't understand how the idea came.
I don't understand why I felt good doing it.
I felt important.
I don't understand why they never caught me.
It was definitely obvious.
I was never discovered.
But most of all, I found myself the reason I was bothered that this little girl, so small, was so good for traffic.
I'm intrigued.
They're so mysterious and so permanent.
We know that babies suffer from jealousy.
The primates . The tiles are very likely.
We know that the cells are the number one cause of spouse killings in the United States.
And yet, I've never seen a study that analyzed loneliness, or the long duration or the sadness.
So, you have to go to fiction, because the novels are like the lab in which the cells are studied in all their possible ways.
In fact, I don't know if it's an exaggeration to say that if there were no jealousy, I would have either literature.
Well, there would be no helium, there would be no``Odysseus . ''
There would be no jealous, no``The 1,000 and a night . ''
There would be no Shakespeare.
The reading lists of high school, because we would be losing``The Noise and the Fortune ,"there would be no``Gates"or``Party ."We would lose from``Madame Baby"and``Anna K . ''
Without jealousy, there's no Proust . I know it's fashionable to say that Proust has the answers for everything, and in terms of the jealousy, almost it has all.
This year, it's 100 years of his masterpiece,``Looking for lost time ,"the most exhausting study of sexual cells and also of ordinary competition, my own, everything we could have . And thinking about Proust, we have the sensory details, right?
We think about a child trying to reconcile sleep.
We think of a massive man in the washing.
We forgot how hard that image is.
We forget how important it is.
I mean, it's about books that Virginia Wolfe said were as hard as a cat.
I don't know what the cat flu is, but we assume it's surface.
Let's see why they're so good together, the novel and the jealousy -- the jealousy and Proust.
Is it very obvious that the jealousy, which is reduced to the person, their wish, to their employees, are a very solid narrative basis?
I don't know . I think we get very close to the bone, when we think about what happens when we feel jealousy.
When we feel jealousy, we tell ourselves a story.
A story about other people's lives, and those stories make us feel terrible because they're designed for that, to make us feel bad.
Being a storyteller and the audience, we know exactly what details will include, to wash the knife, right?
The cells make us all amateur novelists, and that's something that Proust understood.
Everything that she does to give me pleasure could give him pleasure, maybe right now . ''
And it starts to say to himself that story, and since then, Proust says that every fresh charm that Shanghai detects in his lover, he adds it to his collection of torture instruments in his private camera.
You have to admit that Shanghai and Proust, they were notoriously jealous.
You know, Producer's boyfriend would have to leave the country, if they wanted to break with it.
But you don't have to be so jealous to recognize that it's hard work . Right?
The cells are automatics.
It's a hungry emotion . You have to feed it.
And what are cells?
The cells are nutrients of information.
The cells use details.
The cells like the big amounts of bright hair and the cute and small set of pencils.
The cells are nutrients.
That's why Instagram is so successful . Produced links well with the language of the cells.
When Shanghai is in his jealousy of jealousy, suddenly listening behind the doors and bribe to the surveillances of his lover, then it defines those behaviors.
He says,``Look, I know you think this is disgusting, but it's not different than the interpretation of an old text or looking at a memorial . ''
He says,``These are scientific research with real intellectual value . ''
Proust is trying to show that the cells look intelligent, and they make us seem absurd, but in their mind, they're a search for knowledge, search for truth, a painful truth . In fact, to what the Proust consciousness, the more painful the truth, the better.
Pain, humiliation, loss: These were the tracks to Proust wisdom.
He says,``A woman who we need, that makes us suffer, causes in us a much deeper and more vital sense of feelings than a wise man who can interest us . ''
Is it telling us that we're going to look for cruel women?
No . I think it's trying to say that the cells reveal ourselves.
And there is some other emotion that makes us open in this particular way?
Is there any other emotion reveals our aggression, our horrible ambition and our rights?
Any other emotion that taught us to look at such a peculiar intensity?
Freud would write about this later.
One day, Freud was visited by a very unknown young man who was consumed with the idea that her wife was fooled.
And Freud says there was something weird in that man, who didn't see what his wife was doing.
Well, she was innocent; everybody knew.
The poor creature was under suspicion without any cause.
But he was looking for things that he did his wife, without realizing, involuntary behaviors.
Is it too much, or is it very accidentally red with a man?
Freud says the man was becoming the unconscious course of his wife.
The novels are very good at this.
The novels describes very well how cells do to look with intensity but unprecedented.
In fact, the more intensely jealous we are, the more we turn into fantasy residents.
And for this reason, I think, the jealousy leads us to do violent or illegal acts.
The cells drive us to behave in completely unimaginable ways.
Now I'm thinking of my case at 8, I know it, but I'm thinking about this story that I heard in the news.
A woman from Michigan of 52 years old was captured by creating a false account on Facebook from which he was submitted, horrible to himself for a year.
For a year, a year.
She was trying to instill the new girlfriend of his former boyfriend . I have to confess that when or this, they react to admiration.
Because, we are realistic.
How huge, even though unfortunately, creativity . Right?
It's like novel.
It's like from a novel of Patricky Highway.
High is one of my favorites.
She's a very strange and brilliant character of American literature.
It's the author of``strangers in a train ,"and``The talented Mr. River ,"books that are dealing with how cells, confuse our minds, and once we're in the sphere, at the kingdom of the jealousy, the membrane that separates what might be, can be profitable in an instant.
Take Tom River, his most famous character.
Tom River is going to want you or want what you're going to be aware of your self and to get rid of what you ever had, and it's under the floor . It responds to your name, it takes your rings, empty your bank accounts.
It's a way.
But what do we do? We can't take Tom River's route.
I cannot give you everybody, as much as I want.
It's a pity, because we live in envy times.
We live in time times.
I mean, we're good citizens of social networks, where the currency is? Right?
Are the novels show? I'm not sure.
So we're going to do what the characters always do when they're not sure, when they're in a mystery.
Let's go to Barkan Street's 2012 and ask by Sherman Holmes.
When people think about Hollywood, think of the manual marketing at Professor Moriarty, that criminal genius.
But I've always preferred [to] the Respect of Scottish Yardh's head, which needs Hollywood desperately, needs the Hollywood genius, but I'm annoyed.
Oh, it sounds so familiar.
Tear needs its help, but the respect, and bubble with bitterness in each of the mysteries.
But as they work together, something starts to change, and finally in``The Adventure of The Simple Nations ,"one time that Hollywood comes in, it disappears all with his solution, Christian goes back to Hollywood and says,``We're not jealous, Mr. Hole.
We're proud of you . ''
And he tells him there is no person at Scott Qaeda who wouldn't want to raise her hand.
It's one of the few times that we see Hollywood transferred in history . I find this very emotional . That scene is also mysterious, right?
It seems to treat the jealousy as a geometry problem, without emotion.
You know, in a minute Hollywood is on the opposite side of Slow.
The next minute are the same side.
Suddenly, Christian is allowed to admire that idea of being him.
Could it still be so simple?
What if the jealousy is really a matter of geometry, just a question of where we allow you to be in relation to the other?
Well, maybe we don't have to get out of the excellence of the other.
We can align with it.
But I like the agenda plans.
So as we wait for that to happen, we remember that we have the fiction to comfort.
Only the disability of the celestial fiction.
The fiction alone, I invite you to the table.
And look at what I thank you: the Della Delta, the terrifying Tom River, the crazy Shanghai, the same Marcus Proust.
We're in excellent company.
Thank you.
We used to solve big problems.
On July 21 , 1969, Buzz Aldrin jumped outside of Apollo 11, and discovered about the Sea of The Talk.
Armstrong and Aldrin were alone, but their presence in the surface gray gray was the culmination of a conversational collective process.
The Apollo program was the biggest mobility in the history of America.
To get to the moon, NASA spent about 180 billion dollars today, or four percent of the federal budget.
The Apollo was working to about 400,000 people and asked the collaboration of 20,000 companies, universities and government agencies.
They died people, including the Apollo 1 crew.
But before the Apollo program , 24 men travel to the moon.
twelve walked on their surface, which Alegan after the death of Armstrong last year, is now the oldest one.
So, why were they?
They didn't get a lot of a turn : 38 pounds of old rocks, and something that 24 infuse later, a new sense of the fish and fragility of our common home.
Why were they? The cynical response is they were because President Kennedy wanted to show the Soviets, that this nation had better rockets.
But the words of Kennedy at the University of Rice in 1962 give us a better idea.
John F. Kennedy: Some ask, why the moon?
Why to turn it into our goal?
And you could also ask, why would climb the highest mountain?
It's 35 years ago, why fly on the Atlantic?
Why do Rice play against Texas?
We chose to go to the moon.
We chose to go to the moon.
We chose to go to the moon in this decade, and do other things, not because they're simple, but because they're difficult.
Jason Pogue: For the contemporaries, the Apollo was not just a West victory on the East War.
At the time, the stronger emotion was to wonder to the transcendence of the power of technology.
They were because it was a great thing to do.
The landing in the moon happened in a context of a long list of technological triumph.
The first half of the 20th century produced the line of assembly and plane, penicillin and vaccine for tuberculosis.
In the middle of the century, the police is eradicated and eliminated.
Technology seemed to have what Alvin Told in 1970 called``acceleration force ."in 1970.
For most of the history of humanity, we couldn't go faster than a horse, or a ship with candle, but in 1969, the Apollo 10 crew flew to 40,000 miles / hour.
Since 1970, no human has gone back to the moon.
Nobody has traveled faster than the Apollo 10 crew, and the optimism joy on the power of technology has evaporated when you see that problems that we imagine that technology will solve as to go to Mars, create a clean energy, cure cancer, or feeding the world population seem to have intractable outcome.
I remember seeing the Apollo 17 rise.
I was five years old, and my mother told me that he doesn't look at the escape tube called the Saturn Check.
I knew a vague that this would be the last mission, but I was completely sure that I would see the colonies on Mars.
So that``Something happened to our ability to solve problems with technology ,"has become a common place.
We hear it all the time.
We've heard it for the last two days here at TED.
It seems like the technologists would have spread us and have been enriched with trivial toys, things like iPhones, applications and social networks, or algorithms that speed the automated sale.
There's nothing wrong with most of these things.
They've expanded and enriched our lives.
But they don't solve the big problems of humanity.
What happened?
There's a particular explanation in Silicon Valley, which trust that they have created less ambitious companies than the years in which Intel, Microsoft, Apple and George.
Silicon Valley says that markets are guilty, concrete, incentives that risk capitalists offer entrepreneurs.
Silicon Valley says that the risk investment caused the creation of transformative ideas to the funding of incremental problems or even false problems.
But I don't think this explanation is good enough.
It explains mostly what's wrong with Silicon Valley.
Even when the risk capitalists were at their sharp point without worrying about risk, they preferred small investments, tiny investments that they could go out in 10 years.
The C. has always had problems to invest with benefits in technologies as energy, which need enormous capital and whose development is long-term, but they've never invested in developing technologies that are destined to solve big problems because they don't have an immediate commercial value.
No, the reasons we can't solve the big problems are more complicated and profound.
Sometimes, we choose not to solve the big problems.
We could go to Mars if we wanted.
NASA has even designed a plan.
But going to Mars would require a political decision that was popular, and that will never happen.
We won't go to Mars because everybody thinks that there are more important things to do on Earth.
Sometimes, we can't solve the big problems because political systems fail.
Today, less than two percent of global energy consumption comes from renewable energy sources like solar, wind and biofuels -- less than two percent, and the reason is completely economic.
Coal and natural gas are cheaper than solar and wind energy, and oil is cheaper than the biofuels.
We want alternative energy sources that can compete in price . They don't exist.
Now, technologists, entrepreneurs and economists agree about what policies and international treaties include development of alternative energy, mostly, a significant increase in research and development of energy, and some kind of control of the coal price.
But there is no hope in the political climate today that we'll see an American energy policy or international treaties that reflect that consensus.
Sometimes, the big problems that seemed technological, they are not going to be.
We know for time that famine is a result of failure in the food repair.
But 30 years of research have taught us that famine is political crisis that affect food distribution.
Technology can improve things like harvest or systems for the storage and repair of food, but there will be famine while there were bad governments.
Finally, the big problems sometimes give up a solution because we don't understand the problem really.
President Nixon declared the war to cancer in 1971, but we soon discovered that there are many kinds of cancer, some terrible resistance to treatment, and only in the last 10 years seems to have found effective and viable treatments.
Hard problems are hard.
It's not true that we can't solve the problems with technology.
We can and we have, but these four elements have to be present: political leaders and population must want to solve the problem; the institutions must support the solution; it must really be really a technological problem, and we need to understand it.
The Apollo mission, which has become something like a metaphor for the ability of technology to solve big problems, has these criteria.
But it's a drug model in the future.
We're not in 1964.
There's no genetic competition like the Cold War, there's no politician like John Kennedy who inherit how difficult and dangerous, and there is no popular mythology of science fiction as to explore the solar system.
In general, going to the moon turned out to be simple.
It was just three days.
And really, it wasn't even solving any problem.
We're alone in our present, and the solutions of the future will be harder to get.
God knows that we don't lack the challenges.
Thank you very much.
Well, I'm going to talk about trust, and I'm going to start by remembering the widespread ideas that are about trust.
They're so common that they've become cliche of our society.
I think it's three.
The first one is a remix: there's been a huge decline of trust, it's a very widespread belief.
The second is a goal: we should have more confidence.
And the third is a task: we should recover trust.
I think the recruitment, the target and the task has been wrong.
What I'm going to try and tell you today is a different story about a remix, a goal and a task, which I think gives a more clear idea about the subject.
First of all: why people think trust has decreased?
And if I think about the base of my own evidence, I don't know the answer.
I encouraged you to think that it may have decreased in some activities or institutions and that might have increased in others.
I don't have it clear.
But I can go back to the opinion surveys, and the opinion surveys are supposedly the source of belief that trust has decreased.
When you look at the surveys of opinion over time, there are no evidence of it.
I mean, the people who were rescued 20 years ago, primarily journalists and politicians, continue to inspire the same mistrust.
And the people who were very reliable 20 years ago are still quite reliable: judges, nurses.
The rest is in the middle, and by the way, the average citizen of the street is almost exactly half the way.
But is this evidence enough?
What the opinion survey polls are, of course, opinions.
What else can you record?
What you see is the generic attitudes that people manifest when they ask them certain questions.
Is it trust in politicians? Trust teachers?
Now, if anybody would ask you,``Did you trust the vegetables?
You trust fishermen?
Trust teachers? ''
You probably started to ask,``To do what? ''
And that would be a very sensible answer.
And you could say, when you've answered your question,``Well, trust in some, but in others not . ''
Which is very rational.
Ultimately, in real life, we tend to deposit trust differently.
We don't assume that the trust level that we're going to feel for a certain kind of official, function or type of person, is going to be uniform in all cases.
I could, for instance, say I trust a certain primate teacher that I know to give the kind of reading, but in no way to drive the school mic.
After all, I could know that it was not a good driver.
I could trust my most crazy friend to keep a conversation, but not, maybe, to keep a secret.
Simple.
And if we've gotten those evidence in our everyday lives in the way that trust is different, why are we leaving all that knowledge when we think about trust in more abstract ways?
I believe that surveys are very bad tools to measure the real level of real trust, because they try to navigate the good judgment in fact to trust something or someone.
Secondly, what about the goal?
The goal is to have more confidence.
Frankly, I think it's a stupid goal.
It's not the goal that I would pursue.
I would aim to have more confidence in what is meat of trust, but not what it is.
Ultimately, I'm a paradigm to not trust what is not reliable.
And I think those people who deposit their savings with the very closely called Mr. Madoff, who then disappeared with them, I think of them, and I think, well, yes, they were too confident.
To have more confidence is not an intelligent goal in this life.
trust deposited or denied with intelligence, that's the right target.
Once you say it, that it says, yeah, OK, that means that what matters first is not trust, but trustworthiness.
What it's about to do is do a judgment about how trustworthy people are in certain aspects.
And I think to be able to do a trial, we're forced to focus on three things.
Are they competitors? Are they honest? Are they responsible?
And if we find that one person is competition in the perfect materials, and it's responsible and honest, then we'll have a very good reason to trust it, because it's going to be worthy of trust.
But if, in contrast, they're not responsible, we couldn't trust them.
I have friends who are competent and honest, but not trust them to take a letter in the mail, because they're forgotten.
I have friends who are very sure that they can do certain things, but I see that they overestimate their own competition.
And I'm very happy to say, I think I don't have a lot of friends who are competent and responsible but extremely dishonest.
If this is, I haven't been perceived.
But that's what we're looking for: trustworthiness before trust.
The trust is the answer.
trustworthiness is what we have to judge.
And of course, it's hard.
In the last few decades, we've tried to build accountability systems for all kinds of institutions, professionals, officials and so on, that made us easier the task of judging their trustworthiness.
Many of those systems have had the opposite effect.
They don't work as they should.
I remember, once I was talking to a face, and he said,``Well, you'll see the problem is that it takes more time to make the administrative paper than you can attend . ''
And we find the same problem in all our public life, and institutions, that the accountability system that is destined to guarantee trust and testing testing, is actually doing the opposite.
What they do is to figure out the work of people who have to do difficult tasks, like the midwives, by requiring that``search the box ,"as we say.
I'm sure you all know similar examples.
Everything, all of that, by the goal.
I believe that the goal should be more confident, and that things would be different if we try to be worthy of trust and we will convey to the people that we are trustworthy, and if we try to determine whether other people, officials or politicians are worthy of trust.
It's not easy . It's the judgment, the simple actions, the attitudes, what is not done properly.
Third, task.
Call the task rebuild trust, it puts things backwards.
It suggests that you and I should rebuild trust.
Well, we can do it with ourselves.
We can reconstruct the trustworthiness.
We can do it if you're two people, together, trying to improve trust.
But trust, ultimately, is different, because we give it other people.
You can't reconstruct what other people have given you.
You have to give them enough foundation so they can trust you.
You've got to be confident.
And that, of course, is because you can't get sick, usually all the people, all the time.
But also, you've got to be able to bring fertility tests that you're worthy of trust.
How do you do that?
That's done every day, everywhere, makes people ordinary, officials, institutions, very effectively.
Let me give you a simple commercial example.
The store where I buy my socks says I can make them without giving explanation.
I take you, and you give me the money, or you change them for the color I want.
That's great . I trust them because they were vulnerable to me.
I think there's a big lesson on that.
If you become vulnerable to the other part, that's a very good test that you're worthy of trust and you have trust in what you're saying.
So, at the end, I think that what we're pointing is not something very difficult to argue.
What people trust is the relationships, and in that framework, they can determine when and how the other person is worthy of trust.
Thank you.
From the beginning of computers we've been striving for reducing separation between us and the digital information, the separation between our material world and the world of the screen where imagination can be broken.
This separation has been reduced, and more and more, to such a point today is less than one millimeter, the thickness of the glass of a screen screen, and the power of computing has become accessible to everyone.
But I wonder, if there were no barriers?
I started imagining what it would be like.
He first created this tool that goes into digital space, so that when the strong supply against the screen has transferred his physical body to pixels.
Designers can make their ideas directly in 3D, and surgeons can practice with virtual organs underneath the screen.
So with this tool, you break the barriers.
But the two hands remain still out of the screen.
How do you get inside and interact with digital information using all the dexterity of your hands?
In the University of Apple Academy, along with my mentor called Cathetti Boulder, it reduces the computer and transformed a little space on the keyboard in a digital area of work.
Combination a transparent bombsight with depth cameras to detect the fingers and the face, now you can raise the hands of the keyboard, get inside of the 3D space, and grab pixels directly with your hands.
Like windows and archives have a location in real space, select it is as easy as to grab a book of a shelf.
You can hold the book and highlight the lines or the words with the virtual touchscreen sensor that's down from every floating screen.
Architects can stretch or rotate their models directly with hands.
In these examples, we are involved in the digital world.
What if we invest the papers and we make the digital information come towards us?
Surely, many of us will have bought and come back to the Internet.
Now that doesn't have to worry about.
What I have here is a virtual tribe on the Internet.
This is the vision that you get from a device mounted in your head or translucent when the system understands the geometry of your body.
If we take this idea further, I thought, rather than just seeing pixels in space, how can we make them physicists so that we can touch them and feel them?
How would a future look like this?
At the MIT Media Lab with my tutor Hiroshi Ishii and my collaborator Remen Post, we created this only physical pixel.
This spherical magnet is behaving as a 3D pixel in space, which means that the computer as users can move the object anywhere inside this little three-dimensional space.
By simplify, what we did was we ring gravity and control movement through a combination of magnetic levitation, mechanical and detectors.
And when we program digitally the object, we release it from the constraints of time and space, which means that human movements can record and reproduce and stay forever in the physical world.
You can teach physical choreography and distance and the famous shot from Michael Jordan can breed as a physical reality, the times we want.
Students can use it as a tool to understand complicated concepts like the movement of planets, physics, and unlike the monitors or textbooks, this is a real and palpable experience that you can touch and feel . It's very powerful.
But what's more fascinating than changing the physical part of the computer is to imagine how to program the world is going to change our everyday physical activities.
As you see, digital information is not only going to show us something, but it's going to start acting directly about us as part of the physical world around us without we have to download our world.
We started the talk today talking about a barrier, but if we suppress that barrier, the only limit that remains is our imagination.
Thank you.
I was trained to become a gymnasium for two years in Huntington, China, in the '70s.
When I was first degree, the government wanted to transfer a school for athletes with all expenses.
But my mother tiger said,``No . ''
My parents wanted me to become engineering, like them.
After surviving the Cultural Revolution, they believed firmly that there was only a close path towards happiness: a safe and right job.
No matter if the job would like me or not.
But my dream was to be a Chinese opera singer.
This was me, in my imaginary piano.
A opera singer must start to train from very young to learn the puzzles, so I tried everything I could to go to opera school.
He was written to the school director and the presentation of a radio program.
But no adult, I gave him the idea.
No adult took me seriously.
Only my friends supported me, but they were children, without authority, like me.
So at age 15, I knew it was too much greater to train.
My dream would never be done.
feared, that for the rest of my life a second class of happiness was the only thing I could aspire.
And this was so unfair.
So I resolved another location.
No one around me wanted to teach me? OK.
I resort to books.
[" Get``Get"'' from Saturn -- San Charles .] [`` The Listening story"by Nan Humia] I got to America in 1995, and what were the first books that I read here?
Those who were banned in China, of course.
\" The Good Earth"is about Chinese countryside.
And it's not convenient propaganda . I understand.
The Bible is interesting, but odd.
That's a subject for another day.
But the fifth commandment for me was a revelation:``honoring your father and your mother . ''
\" honor ,"I said .``It's so different, and much better than obey . ''
So it became my tool to come out of this confusing trap, and to reinvent the relationship with my parents.
The encounter with a new culture also gave place to my computer reading habit.
It provides a lot of perspectives.
For example, at the beginning, this map seemed outside of place because this is what the students in China learn.
I'd never happened, that China didn't have to be in the center of the world.
A map involves people's perspective.
comparative reading is not new.
It's a common practice in the academic world.
There's to research camps like comparative religion and comparative literature.
Comparing and contrast, it provides academics a deeper understanding of a subject.
And I thought if corporate reading worked to investigate, why not do it in everyday life?
So I started reading books of two.
You can treat Walter Isaac's``Benjamin Franklin"by David McCuris'```` John Adams"by David McCurber] who were involved in the same event, or friends with shared experiences.
For the Christ, the temptation are economic, policy and spiritual.
For the Buddha, they're all psychological: lust, fear and social -- interesting.
If you know another language, it's also fun to read your favorite books in two languages.
[" The Chuck' Country"path] [`` The Man's Path"Mandala] rather than getting lost in translation, I found that you can win a lot of it.
For example, this is through the translation that I realized that``happiness"in Chinese literally means``fast joy ."Ha!
And``girlfriend"in Chinese, literally means``new mother ."Oklahoma.
The books opened me a magic door to connect with people from the past and the present.
I know I won't feel just or impossible.
Having a destroyed dream is really nothing compared to what many others have suffered.
I've come to believe that the reality is not the only purpose of a dream.
Their most important purpose is to connect with the place that dreams come from, where the passion comes from, where happiness comes from.
Until a breakfast dream can do that for you.
And it's because of books, that today I'm here today, happy, living again with purpose and clearly, most of the time.
So the books always accompanied them.
Thank you.
Thank you.
When I was in my 20s, I saw my first psychotherapy client.
I was a medical student in clinical psychology in Berkeley.
She was a 26 year-old woman named Alex.
Alex entered the first session using jeans and a struggle hanging, threw on the couch of my office, took off the shoes and told me I wanted to talk about his problems with men.
When I heard this, I felt so relieved.
My class partner had a picture as a first client.
And I was playing a vegetarian that I wanted to talk about men.
I thought I could handle it.
But he didn't.
With the history stories that Alex brought to the sessions, it became easy only to move your head while we removed the solution.
\" The tribes are the new 20s ,"Alex said, and so I saw, she was right.
You start working after, you get married after, you have kids after, until death happens afterwards.
For visitors like Alex and I had time.
But shortly after, my supervisor pushed me to push Alex to talk about his loving life.
I was resistant.
I said,``Oh, of course, it's coming out with guys underneath his category, he takes off with a hollow head, but it's not like it's going to marry him . ''
And then my supervisor said,``Still no, but maybe it's married with the next.
Also, the best time to work in Alex's marriage is before it's married . ''
This is what psychologists call a``Aha!"moment.
It was when I realized that the 30 is not the new 20.
Yes, people feel head after what they were used, but this didn't make the 20 in Alex a pause in their development.
This made the 20 in Alex the perfect moment, and we were wasting it.
So I realized, that this kind of benign recklessness was a real problem and had real consequences, not just for Alex and its loving life, but for the careers, the families and the future of visitors everywhere.
There are 50 million veterinarians in America today.
This means 15 percent of the population, or 100 percent if you consider that nobody gets to adulthood without going before by the 20.
Hands up if you're in your 20.
I want to see the visitors here.
Oh, yeah! They're amazing.
If you work with veterinarians, you love a veterinary, you take your dream away, I want to see . It's fine . Amazing, real improvisations matter.
This is not just my opinion . These are the facts.
We know that 80 percent of the key moments in life will happen at 35.
This means that eight of every 10 decisions and experiences and moments,``Aha!"`` Aha!"which shape your life will have happened to when you have 30 and so many.
People from over 40, they don't go into panic.
This audience is going to be right, I think.
We know that the first 10 years of a career have an exponential impact on the amount of money you will win.
We know that more than half of Americans are married, they live or they're coming out with their future partner at the age of 30.
We know that the brain ends its second and last growth stage in their 20s and represents for adulthood, which means that if there's something that you want to change from themselves, now it's time to change it.
We know that personality changes more times during their 20s than in any other moment in life, and we know that female fertility gets to their top at the age of 28, and things become complicated to 35.
The 20 is the time to educate their body and their options.
When we think about the development of the child, we all know that the first five years are crucial for language and attachment in the brain.
It's a moment when your daily and common life has a desert impact on the person that will become.
But what we don't often hear is that there's something called adult development, and our 20 are a critical moment in adult development.
But this is not what the vessels are listening.
The newspapers talk about changes on the timeline of adulthood.
Researchers call the 20 an extended adolescence.
The journalists are reminded names ridiculous names like``Twitter"and``customers . ''
It's true.
As a culture, we've considered a trivial, which is actually the decade that defines adulthood.
Leonardo Bernsor said that to achieve big things, you need a plan and not enough time.
It's not true?
What do you think happens when you put a vessel on your head and say,``Do you have another 10 years to start your life? ''
Nothing happens.
They stole that person the sense of urgency and their ambition and nothing happens absolutely nothing.
And then every day, intelligent visitors, interesting like you or your children and daughters come to my office and say something like this,``I know that my boyfriend is not good for me, but this relationship doesn't count . I'm just killing time . ''
Or they say,``They all say, as you start a career before the 30, everything will be well . ''
But then it starts to sound something like this:``My 20 are about to finish and I still have nothing to show.
I had better curriculum the day than I graduated from college . ''
And then it starts to sound something like this:``My quotes during the 20 were like the game of chairs.
They're all running and fun, but then at some point around the 1930s, the music was turned off, and they all started to sit.
I didn't want to be the only one who would stay standing, so sometimes I think I married my husband because he was the nearest chair when she was 30 . ''
Where are the visitors here?
Don't do that.
Well, that sounds a little bit extreme, but don't get wrong, risks are very high.
When you leave a lot of things for the 1930s, there's a huge pressure to the three, and so many of you start a career, choose a city, choose a partner, and have two or three children in a much smaller period of time.
A lot of these things are not compatible, and there are research that starts to show, which is much more difficult and stressful to do everything at the age of 30.
The middle-aged crisis is not about buying red sports cars.
It's about realizing you can't have the career you want now.
It tells you that you can't have the son you want now, or you can't give a brother to your son.
A lot of tribes and quarantine looks at themselves, and me sitting in the room, and they talk about their 20,``What was I doing? What was I thinking? ''
What the visitors are doing and thinking.
Here's a story about how it might be.
It's a story about a woman named Emma.
At 25, Emma came to my office because she was, in his own words, having an identity crisis.
He said he'd like to work in art or entertainment, but he could still not decide, so I spent the last years working as a woman.
As it was cheaper, I lived with a boyfriend that showed more temperature than ambition.
And even though we live about 20 very difficult, their previous life had been even harder.
He was often crying in our sessions, but then he lifted himself by saying,``You don't choose your family, but you can choose your friends . ''
Well, one day Emma came up with his head on his legs and cried for almost every hour.
He had just bought a new book for principal, and he had spent all the morning by giving her a lot of contacts, but then he looked at the empty space that followed after the words``In emergency case, please call it to...''
I was at the point of the history when I saw and said,``Who's going to be to me if I have a car accident?
Who's going to care about if I give cancer? ''
At that point, I became a lot of work to resist and not say,``I . ''
What Emma needed was not a therapy that was really worried about.
Emma needed a better life, and I knew that this was their opportunity.
I had learned a lot since I worked with Alex as to just sit while the decade of Emma was going ahead.
So, over the next few weeks and months, I told Emma three things that all vessels, man or woman, deserves to know.
First, I told Emma that he would forget from that crisis of identity and he got identity capital.
For identity capital, I mean doing something that adds value to its person.
Doing something that is an investment in what they want to be later.
I didn't know the future of Emma's career, and nobody knows the future of work, but I know this: identity capital generates capital.
So now it's the moment for that work on the other side of the country, of that interest, that company that you want to test.
Now, I'm not going down the vegetarian exploration, I'm taking the exploration that should not count, which is not, by the way, exploration.
It's processing.
I told Emma to explore jobs and made them count.
Second, I told Emma that urban tribes are overwhelmed.
The best friends are excellent to get to the airport, but the vessels that come together with friends with similar minds are limited by who they know, what they know, how they think, how they talk, and where they work.
That new piece of capital, that new person who's going to go almost always comes from its closest circle.
The new things come from what's called credit friend friends' friend of friends.
Yes, half of the vessels have a bad job or they don't have work.
But the other half is not, and the weak ties are the way we can collapse this group.
Half of the working jobs are never published, then, knowing the boss of your neighbor is the way you get a job not published.
It's not cheating . It's the science of how information happens.
Finally but not least, Emma believed that you don't choose your family, but your friends.
This was true when I was growing, but as a vegetarian, Emma soon choose his family, when he has a partner and shape her own family.
I told Emma that time to choose his family had come.
Maybe you think that 30 is better to sit than the 20 or even 25, and I agree with you.
But to choose the person that you live with now or you get you right now when everyone on Facebook starts to walk towards the altar is not progress.
The best moment to work in your marriage is before you have it, and that involves being so intentional in love as you are at work.
selecting your family must be a conscious choice of who and what you want instead of just making it work or kill time with whoever you pick them.
So what happened to Emma?
Well, we looked at that principal, and she found the roommate of a cousin that worked on an art museum in another state.
This weak link helped him get a job there.
That work supply gave a reason to leave the boyfriend that I lived with.
Now, five years later, it's special organization of events in museums.
This married man who chose consciously.
He loves his new career, he loves his new family, and he sends me a letter that said,``Now emergency contact spaces are not big enough . ''
Emma's story can sound easy, but that's what I love about working with visitors.
It's very easy to help.
The vessels are like airplanes coming out of the Los Angeles airport, who go out somewhere in the west.
Just before the takeoff, a slight light fit in its trajectory makes the difference between landing in Alaska or in Fiji.
In the same way, at 21 or 25 and even at the age of 29, a good conversation, a good discovery, a good TED Talk can have huge effects in the next years or even in the next generations.
Here's my idea of spreading to all the vessels that you know.
It's as simple as I learned to tell Alex.
It's what I've got the privilege now to tell visitors like Emma every day: Tribes are not the new 20, they recruit their adult, they get capital capital, use their weak ties, choose your family.
They're not allowed to define what they didn't know or what they didn't do.
They're deciding their life today.
Thank you.
When I was 27, I left a very picky job in management consulting for a job that was even more picky: the dozen.
I went to teaching you math students in the public schools in New York.
And as any teacher, I applied tests and testing.
I give you tasks.
When the work came back, it calculated grades.
What I called the attention was that the C. was not the only difference between my best and my worst students.
Some of them who had a better performance didn't have I.Q . score.
Some of my smartest kids weren't getting so good.
And that got me thinking.
The kind of things that you need to learn in math in seventh grade, secure, are difficult: proportion, decisions, the area of paradigm.
But these concepts are not impossible, and I was very convinced that each of my students could learn the lesson if they worked hard and during enough time.
After several years of dozen years, I came to the conclusion that what we need in education is a better understanding of students and learning from a motivating perspective, from a psychological perspective.
In education, the only thing we know how to measure better way.
It's the CIA, but what if we succeed in school and in life depends on much more than ability to learn differently and easy?
So I left the classrooms and I went to college to become a psychologist.
I started studying children and adults in all sorts of challenging scenarios, and in every study, my question was, who has success here and why?
My research team and I went to military military Academy Poland.
We're trying to predict what chains would stay in military training and who would retire.
We went to the National Council of Delhi, and we tried to predict what children would move the farthest possible in competition.
We studied new news teachers working in really difficult neighborhoods, wondering what teachers are still teaching for the end of the school year and those, who will be the most effective to improve the results of their students' learning?
We associate with private companies, wondering, which of these marketers are going to keep their jobs?
Who's going to win more money?
In all these very different contexts, a feature came out as an important prediction of success.
And it wasn't social intelligence.
It wasn't the good appearance, the physical health, and it wasn't the I.Q.
It was determination.
determination is passion and perseverance to reach very long-term goals.
Detection is to have resistance.
The determination is to go to your future, day after day, not just a week, not just for the month, but for years and working really hard to make that future a reality.
Detection is to live life as if it was a marathon, not a race to all speed.
A few years ago, I started studying the determination in the public schools of Chicago.
I asked thousands of students of high school who made my determination questionnaire and then waited about more than one year to see who they graduate.
Turns out the kids with more determination had significantly greater likely to graduate, even when I packaged them in every feature that I could measure, things like family income, the results of standardized testing, even security that children felt when they were in school.
So it's not just in West Point or at the National Council in the delication that matters about determination . It's also in school, especially for children at risk of abandoning.
For me, the most shocking thing about determination is how little we know, how little that science knows about its development.
Every day, parents and teachers ask me,``How do you develop determination in children?
What should I do to teach kids a job ethical solid?
How do I keep them motivated for the long term? ''
The most honest answer is: I don't know . I know that talent doesn't give you determination.
Our data shows very clearly that there are many talented individuals that just don't keep ahead with their commitments.
In fact, in our data, it's commonly not related, or it's even related to talent measures.
So far, the best idea I've heard about developing the detection in children is something called growth mindset.
This is a developed idea at Stanford University by Carol Department, and it's the belief that the ability to learn is not fixed, that it can change with effort.
Dr. Dewey has shown that when children read and learn about the brain and how they change and grow in response to challenge, they're much more likely to perceive when they fail, because they don't believe that that failure is a permanent condition.
So growth mindset is a great idea to develop determination.
But we need more.
And that's where my speech ends, because that's where we are.
That's the work we have ahead.
We need to take our best ideas, our stronger intuitions, and we need to test them.
We need to measure if they've been successful, and we have to be willing to fail, to be wrong, to start all again with the lessons learned.
In other words, we need to be determined about making our children more determined.
Thank you.
Growing in Taiwan as a daughter's daughter, one of my most crowded memories is my mother showing the beauty, the shape and shape of Chinese characters.
From that moment, I was amazed by this incredible language.
But for an foreigner, it seems as imperative as the Great Chinese Wall.
In the last few years, I've been wondering if I can take this wall, so that you want to understand and appreciate the beauty of this sophisticated language can do it.
I started thinking about how a new and fast method of learning Chinese could be useful.
Since I was five years old, I started learning how to draw each of the pieces of every character in the right sequence.
I learned new characters every day for the next 15 years.
Because we only have five minutes, it's better than we do it in a faster and very simple way.
A Chinese academic understand 20,000 characters.
You only need a thousand to understand basic literacy.
The first 200 will allow you to understand 40 percent of the basic literature, enough to read transit signals, menus of restaurants, understand the basic idea of websites or newspapers.
Today I'll start with eight to show you how the method works.
Are you ready?
Open your mouth as much as you can even be square.
You get a mouth.
This is a person who's going to give a walk.
People.
If the shape of fire is a person with arms on both sides, as if I was yelling in a very cool way,``Austernah! I'm burning!"This symbol is actually original in the form of the call, but I like to believe that it's the other way . The one that works.
This is a tree.
tree.
This is a mountain.
The sun.
The moon.
The symbol of the door looks like a couple of doors of a song in the old west.
I call these eight characters to these eight characters.
They're building blocks for a lot more characters.
A person.
If anybody walks behind, that's``follow . ''
As the old said, two are company, three are crowds.
If one person would be their arms, this person is saying,``It was like that big . ''
The person inside the mouth, the person is caught.
It's a prisoner, like Jonas inside the whale.
A tree is a tree . Two trees together, we have a forest.
Three trees together, we also have the forest.
Put a table under the tree, you have the foundations.
You put a mouth on the tree, that's an idiot . Easy to remember, because a speaker tree is pretty idiot.
Remember the fire?
Two fires together, it's very hot.
Three fires together, that's a lot of calls.
Put the fire under the two trees, that's burn.
For us, the sun is the source of prosperity.
Two suns together, prosperous.
Three together, those are flashes.
Put the sun and the moon shining together, that's the brightness.
It also means tomorrow, after one day and one night.
The sun comes out on the horizon . Emergent.
A door . Put a table inside the door, it's the clock of the door.
Put a mouth inside the door, ask questions.
Did you touch, do you get somebody at home?
This person is coming out of a door, escape, evade.
On the left, we have a woman.
Two women together, they're discussing.
Three women together, they're careful is adult.
So we've already gone for almost 30 characters.
By using this method, the first eight radical ones will allow you to build 32.
The next group of eight characters will build another 32.
So with every little effort, they will be able to learn a couple of hundreds of characters, which is the same as an eight-year-old Chinese.
So after we met the characters, we started creating phrases.
For example, mountain and fire together, we have a mountain of fire . It's a volcano.
We know that Japan is the Earth's land.
This is a sun placed with the origin, because Japan is east in China.
So one sun next to the origin, we created Japan.
A person behind Japan, what do we have?
A Japanese person.
The character on the left are two mountains piled on the other.
In the ancient China, that meant in exile, because Chinese employees would destroy their political enemies beyond mountains.
Today, exile has become to go out.
A mouth that tells you where to go out is a exit.
This is a slide to remind me that I should stop talking and down from the stage . Thank you.
What I prefer to be a dad is the movies I get to see.
I love sharing my favorite movies with my kids -- when my daughter was four, we saw the Wizard of Oz together.
The movie mastered their imagination for months.
His favorite character was Glaw, of course.
He gave him a good excuse to use a brilliant dress and bring a magic wand.
But when you see that movie so many times, you get to understand that it's extraordinary.
Now we live and raise our children in a kind of industrial fantasy of childhood fantasy.
However, Oz's magician was an event itself.
It didn't start that trend.
The trend really took a fourth years later with, curiously, another film whose protagonist, a metal kid and a hairy boy rescued a girl dressed as the enemy of the enemy.
You know what I'm talking about? Yes.
There's a big difference between these two movies, there's a couple of big differences between the Oz magician and all the movies that we see today.
One is that there's very little violence in Oz magician.
The monkeys are pretty aggressive, like apples.
But I think that if the Oz magician was done today, the magician would say,``Dorothy, you're the salvation of Oz as the prophecy predicted.
You use magic shoes to defeat the armies generated by the balloon capture.
But that's not what happens.
Another single thing about Oz magician is that the most heroic, wise characters are women.
I started noticing this when I made Star Wars to my daughter, a few years later, and the situation was different.
At that point, he also had a son.
Just three years old.
It wasn't invited to projection because it was still very small for that.
But it was the second child, and the supervision level had gone down . So, he stood down in the room and he was impressed as a mom leg with his backyard, and I don't think he would understand what was going on, but, incidentally, absorbed everything.
I wonder what it was perceived.
Would it be value issues, perseverance and loyalty?
Would you have the sense that Luke is one to an army to defeat government?
Let's compare this with the October of October of 1939.
How do you win Dorker your movie?
By making good movies with everybody and being a leader.
It's the kind of world that I want my kids to grow Oz, and not a world of men who fight, which is where we are.
Why is there so much force capital F, force in movies for our children, and so little on the path of yellow bricks?
There's a lot of literature about the impact of male violence movies in girls, and they should read it . It's very good.
I haven't read so much about how children react to this stimulus.
I know for experience that the princess list doesn't provide the right framework that would have served me to navigate for the world of adults that is a meter . I think at the moment of the first kiss, I really expected the credit to start to appear because it's the end of the movie, right?
My search has done, I have a girlfriend.
Why are you still standing there?
I don't know what I should do.
The movies focus on defeat the villain and get their reward, and they don't leave time for other relationships or other adventures.
It's almost like a child, you have to be a silly animal, and if you're a girl, you have to use a warrior of warrior.
There are many exceptions, and defend Disney's princess to any of you.
But they send a message to children, although they, the kids, are not really their objective public.
They do a phenomenal job by teaching girls how to defend the patriarchy, but they don't necessarily show kids how to defend the patriarchy.
There's no model for them.
We also have some great women who write new stories for our children, as real and charming as Herbie and Katie, but they don't stop being a war movies.
Of course, the most successful subject of all time continues to appear in classic after classical, each of them about the adventure of a child or a man, or two men who are friends, or a man and their son, or two men who believe a child.
Until, as many of you are thinking, this year, I finally came out courageous.
I recommend all of you . It's already available in shops.
Remember what the critic said when courageous came out?
I can't believe that Pixar has made a movie of a princess.
It's very good . Don't let that stop.
Well, almost none of these movies is the test of Beck.
I don't know if you've heard about this.
Not roots yet, and it's already spread, but maybe today we'll start a movement.
Alisa Beck is a comic drawing, and in the 1980s, he recorded a conversation that he had with a friend on the evaluation of movies that they saw.
And it's very simple . There are only three questions that should be done: In the movie, there's more than a female character than have lines?
So, you have to get the requirement.
Do these women talk to each other at some point in the movie?
Their conversations are about something more than the guy like? Okay? Thank you . Thank you very much.
Two women who exist and talk about things.
It happens . I've seen it, and yet very rarely I see it in the movie that we know and love.
In fact, this week, I went to see a very good quality film, Prego.
Right? Rumbers of Oscar, speech success, an idea of what a Hollywood film is.
Pretty much, it doesn't happen.
And I don't think I should, because a lot of the movie, I don't know if you've seen it, a lot of the film happens in an embassy where men and women hide during the hostage crisis.
We have many scenes of men who have deep and painful conversations in this hide, and it's the great time for one of the actresses to take a look at the door and say,``Are you coming to bed, honey? ''
This is Hollywood.
So let's look at the numbers.
In 2011, of the 100 most popular movies, how many of them think they have female protagonists?
Come on . It's not wrong.
It's not the same percentage that the number of women we've chosen recently for Congress, then it's okay.
But there's a bigger number that's going to develop this room.
Last year, The New York Times published a study that the government had done.
This is what he said.
In the United States, one in five women says he's been sexually assaulted in his life.
I don't think it's the guilt of mass entertainment.
I don't think the movies for children have something to do with that.
I don't believe that music videos or pornography are closely linked, but something is wrong, and when I hear that statistics, one of the things I think is that there is a huge amount of sexual settlements.
Who are those guys? What are they learning?
What don't you get learning?
They're taking the story that says that a male hero's role is to defeat the villain with violence and then charge the reward, which is a woman who doesn't have friends and doesn't speak?
Are we taking that story?
You know, as a father with the privilege of raising a daughter like those of you who are doing the same thing, we find this world and this very alarming statistic and we want to prepare them.
We have tools to our disposal as a power, and we hope that that will help, but I have to ask, are it going to protect it if, at the same time, active or passively, we're educating our children to keep their male power?
I mean, I think the list of Netflix is a way to do something really important, and here I mean primarily to parents.
I think we have to show our children a new definition of shoulder.
The definition of masculinity is radically changing.
You've read about how the new economy is changing the role that care about the home and the cliff.
Everything is changing.
When I asked my daughter what his favorite character from Star Wars know what he responded?
Obesticking.
Obamagic Kenya and Giverbow.
What do these two?
Maybe it's not just the bright dress.
I think they're experts.
I think these are the two people in those movies who know more than anybody, and they love to share their knowledge with other people to help them reach their potential.
They are leaders.
I like that kind of stories for my daughter, and I like that kind of stories for my son.
I want more stories like that.
I want to say to my son,``Go and struggle just and more stories where you see that your job is to join a team, maybe a team leading by women, help other people get better and better, like the Oz magician . ''
Thank you.
As a child, I lived in Maine and one of the things that I loved most was looking for sea cookies on the shores of Maine because my parents told me that that would give me luck.
But you know, it's hard to find these shells.
They're covered with sand, and it's hard to see them.
However, over time, I'm used to looking for them.
I started to see shapes and patterns that helped me.
This became a passion for finding things, in a love by past and archeology.
And finally when I started studying Egypt, I realized that to see my own eyes wasn't enough.
Because, suddenly, in Egypt, my little beach in Maine had grown up to one of almost 1,800 miles of length along the Nile.
And my sea cookies had grown to the size of cities.
This is really what led me to use satellite imagery.
To try to make a map of the past, I knew that I had to see otherwise.
I want to show you an example of how different we see when you use infrared.
This is a place located in the eastern Delta of Egypt called Benjamin.
And the place, at simple sight, seems to be brown, but when we use infrared, and we process it using false color, suddenly the place looks like bright pink.
What you're seeing is the real chemical changes of the landscape, caused by the building materials and the activities of the ancient Egyptians.
I want to share with you how we've used the satellite data to find an ancient Egyptian city called Islam, lost for thousands of years.
Italian was the capital of the ancient Egypt for over 400 years in a period of time called the Middle Empire about 4,000 years ago.
The place is located in the Facebook, Egypt, and it's really important because in the Middle Empire, there was this great renaissance of ancient Egyptian art, architecture and religion.
The Egyptians have always known that Islam was located somewhere near the two kings of the two kings that built them, indicator inside the red circles here, but somewhere inside this huge rain plate.
This area is enormous, it's about 65 for nine miles.
Before, the Nile flows right next to Island, and as he changed over time, he moved east and covered the whole city.
So, how do you find a city that was broken in an extensive landscape?
Trying to find it randomly would be the equivalent to look for a needle in a haystack, with the eyes sold and using baseball gloves.
So, we use NASA data data to make a map of the place, with very subtle changes.
We could see where the Nile flows.
But you can see more closely, and it's even more interesting, this area slightly elevated area that you see inside the circle here, which we think could be the trailer of Islam.
So we collaborated with Egyptian scientists doing sample jobs; you can see it here.
When I say show, it's like the sample of samples in ice, but instead of climate change layers, we look for human occupation layers.
Five feet down, underneath a thick thick layer, we found a dense layer of ceramics of ceramics.
This means that in this possible location of Islam, five feet down, we have a layer of occupation of several hundred years from the Middle Empire, exactly the same period we think is Islam.
We also find server jobs -- cocaine, quartz and cat, which shows that there was a jewelry.
This might seem like it's not much, but when we think about the most common stones used in the Middle Empire jewelry, these are the stones that were used.
So, we have a dense layer of occupation that's data from the Middle Empire in this place.
We also have evidence of a elite jewelry shop that shows that what's been there, was a very important city.
We still didn't find Athan here, but we're going to go back to the place in a nearby future to locate it.
And more importantly, we have the resources to train young Egyptians in the use of satellite technology so that they can also perform big discoveries.
I want to end with my favorite quote from the Middle Empire, it was probably written at Islam 4,000 years ago.
sharing knowledge is most of all the voices.
There's nothing like that on Earth.
So according to it, TED wasn't founded in 1984 . C.
You make ideas happen really started in 1984, in a lost city not for a long time and found from the high.
It certainly puts the search for sea shells in perspective.
Thank you very much.
Thank you.
I want to invite you to close your eyes.
Imagine standing outside, front of the door home.
I want you to pay attention to the color of the door, the material that it's done.
Now visualizing a group of obese nodes in bicycles.
They're competing in a nest bicycle career and they're going to address their gate door.
I need you to see this really.
They're getting strong, they're sweating, they're jumping a lot.
And they collide against the door of their house.
There are bicycles flying everywhere, wheels that go on the side, rays of the wheels that end up in absurd places . They spend the door threshold.
The lobby, the hallway, or what's on the other side of the door, and look at the quality of light, the light shines on the Galvan monster.
He's waving them with his hand.
From his chair, on a dead horse.
It's a horse talking.
You can feel their blue hair by making them tickle in the nose.
You can smell the oats of oats and passes that are about to get into the mouth.
They pass on the side and they enter their living room.
Now, in the room, and doing maximum use of its imagination, imagine Britney Spears.
He's with a little bit of clothes, dancing on his center of center, singing``Hi More Time . ''
Now let me join the kitchen.
The ground has been coated with a path of yellow bricks, and from the oven, you come to you, Dorothy, the Man of Spain, the Japanese and the lion of``The Oz of Oz ,"you grab out of hands, jumping into you.
Okay . Open your eyes.
I want to tell you about a peculiar contest that is conducted every spring in New York.
It's called the U.S. Member of America.
I went to cover this event a few years ago as a scientific journalist, waiting, I guess, that this was like the end of a wise supercomputer.
There were several men and a few ladies of different ages and different hygiene habits.
They were memorizing hundreds of random numbers, looking at them once.
They memorized the names of dozens and dozens of strangers.
They memorize entire poems in just minutes.
They compete to see who could memorize the order of a narrative ship.
And I thought,``This is unbelievable . ''
These people have to be a nature of nature.
And I started talking to some of the competitors.
This is a guy named Ed Cook who had come from England and he has one of the best trained memories.
I said,``Ed, when you realized that you were a wise? ''
Ed replied,``I'm not a wise.
Actually, I have an average memory.
Everyone who participants from this competition say they have normal memory.
\" We've trained us to perform these miraculous acts of memory using ancient techniques, invented 2,500 years ago in Greece, the same techniques that City used to memorize their speeches, and that medieval academics used to memorize entire books . ''
And my reaction was,``Wow . How didn't I have heard about this before? ''
We were standing out of the room of competition, and Ed, who is a wonderful and brilliant English, but a little bit of a discouraging, he said,``Josh, you are an American journalist.
Do you know Britney Spears? ''
And I said,``What? No, why?
\" Because I'd like to show Britney Spears how to memorize order in a live radio vessel, national television.
That would try to the world that anybody can do it . ''
And I said,``Well, I'm not British Spears, but maybe you can teach me.
I mean, do you have to start for something right? ''
And that was the beginning of a very strange journey for me.
I ended up spending most of the next year not just training my memory, but also research, trying to understand how it works, why sometimes it doesn't work and what its potential is.
I met a lot of really interesting people.
This is a man named E. .
He's kind of authentic, very likely to the worst memory in the world.
His memory was so bad that he didn't even remember that he had a memory problem; it's awesome.
Someone incredibly tragic, but it was a window that allowed to see how much our memory makes us who we are.
In the other end of the spectrum, I met this man.
This is Kim Pepsi . In he was based on Dublin Hollywood paper in the movie``Rain Man . ''
We spent a afternoon together in Salt Lake City's public library, memorizing telephone books; it was central.
And when you go back, I read a number of treaties on the memory written about 2,000 years ago in Latin, in Antarctica and then in the Middle Ages.
And I learned a lot of really interesting things.
One of the most interesting things I learned is that there was a time when this idea of having trained, disciplined and cultured memory was not a thing as rare as you can look today.
A long time ago, people invest in their memory, in providing their minds.
These techniques have made our modern world possible, but they've also changed us.
We have changed culturally, and I would say that they have changed us as well.
As we almost don't have to remember, sometimes it seems like we've forgotten how to do it.
One of the last places on our planet where you're still passionate about this idea of a trained, disciplined, cultured memory is this very unique competition of memory.
It's actually not that singular; there are competition like this all over the world.
I was fascinated, I wanted to know how these people do.
A few years ago, a group of researchers at London College invited a group of memory champions, to the lab.
Would you want to know: Is it that it has brains in some way, structural or anonymously different from the rest of us?
The answer was, no.
Are they more intelligent than the rest?
They gave them a collaborative test battery, and the answer was actually not.
There was a really interesting and meaningful difference between the brains of memory champions and the control subjects that they compared to.
When they put them in a magnetic resonance machine, they scanned their brains as they memorized numbers, faces and forms of snowball, and they found that in memory champions, they were lit parts of the brain, different to others.
They actually used, or they seemed to use, a part of the brain involving spatial memory and navigation.
Why? Is there something we can learn from this?
The town of competitive memory is running as a armed race where each year shows someone with a new way to remember more things, faster, and then the rest of the competitors should be put into the day.
This is my friend Ben Prize, three times a memory champion.
In his desk, in front of him, there are 36 shorts narratives that he's about to try to memorize in an hour, using a technique that he invented and that only he mastered.
He used a similar technique to memorize the precise order of 1,454 random binary digits.
In half time . Yes.
And as there's a lot of ways to remember things in these competition, absolutely all the techniques used at the end, they reduce a single concept that psychologists call collaborative coding.
It illustrates with an elegant paradox known like the``Barbur"paradox . (Balocricism] says this: I tell two people who remember the same word . I tell you .``Remember there's a man named Baker . ''
That's her speed.
And then I ask you,``Remember there's a battery . ''
And when I go back later, and I ask you``Remember that word I told you a while? ''
\" Remember what it was? ''
The person who was told that his name is Baker is unlikely to remember the same word as the person who was told that his job is``Bathelley . ''
The same word, different memory . That's weird.
What happens here?
Well, the Babbage name, actually, doesn't mean anything for you.
With all the other memories who dance for their head.
But the word,``Bathelt ."We know pandemics.
They use simple white hats.
They have flour in hands.
They smell well when they go home to work.
We probably know some baker.
And when we're going to hear that word for the first time, we began to put partners together to easily fisheries at some point.
One of the most elaborate techniques to do this data about 2,500 years ago in the ancient Greece.
It's known as the``memory palace . ''
The story goes like this: There was a poet called```` The Single"'' I attended a banker.
They had hired it as entertainment, because before, if you wanted to give a very good party, it doesn't bring a DJ, it hired a poet.
He stood up, he got his memory poem, and he marched, and so soon he went, the basketball room collapsed.
Give them all.
But it didn't just kill them all, but I destroyed bodies by leaving them.
No one could say who was there, nobody could remember where they were sitting.
So you couldn't understand the bodies.
One tragedy behind the other.
Similarities, standing outside, only survivor, in the middle of the rubble, close the eyes and realized that with the eyes of his mind, could see where he had been sitting every invited.
He took the family in their hand by giving them where their loved ones were loved in the rubble.
What I've made at that point is something that we all know more or less intuitively, and it's that no matter whether we're not good at remembering names or phone numbers or words of our colleagues, we have a word memory and exciting spatial memory.
If I asked you to give me the first 10 words of the story I've just told you about Simons, it's very likely to be very difficult to do it.
But I would bet that if I asked you to say who I was sitting on the dead horse, you would be able to see it.
The idea of the memory palace is to create this building with the eyes of your mind and to turn it out of images with the things that you want to remember, the more crazy, failure, funny, scary, sustainable image, and it's the image of the image.
This is a advice that comes from more than 2,000 years ago, to the first memory treatments, in Latin.
And how does it work?
Let's say you've been invited to the TED stage to give a talk, and you want to do it of memory, the same way that Cynthere would have done if you'd invited it to TEDx 2,000 years ago.
What you could do is imagine that you're at the door of your house.
And to figure out some sort of absolutely ridiculous, crazy and unforgettable image to help you remember that the first thing you want to mention is that completely intact competition.
And then you can imagine entering your house, and you can see the Montana of the crackers mounted on Mister Ed.
And that would remind you that you want to introduce your friend Ed Cook.
And then you would see Britney Spears to remind them that funny anecdote that they want to count.
And then they entered the kitchen, and the fourth theme that they would talk about would be that strange journey they did for a whole year, and they have some friends to help them remember it.
This is how the Roman speakers memorize their speeches, not words for word, that they will confuse them, but typical by typical.
In fact the term``typical"comes from the Greek``Tuture ,"which means``place . ''
It's a dress of when people thought of the narrative and the rhetoric with this kind of space terms.
The phrase``First place ,"it would be like the first place in its memory palace.
I saw this was just fascinating, and I got full of that.
I went to some of these memory competition and had the idea of writing something else about this competitive memory subculture.
But there was a problem.
The problem was that a memory competition is a biologically boring event.
Seriously, it's like seeing a lot of people sitting, and I mean, the most exciting thing that happens is when somebody is massage.
I'm a journalist, and I need to write about something.
I know there are amazing things happening in the minds of these people, but I don't have access.
I realized that if I was going to tell this story, I needed to try to put myself in place.
So I started to spend 15 or 20 minutes every morning, before I sat down to see the New York Times, just trying to remember something.
Maybe a poem . Or the names of an ancient school yearbook bought in a flea market.
And I discovered that this was incredibly entertaining.
I'd never expected it to be.
It was entertaining, because it wasn't just about training memory.
What it is actually about doing is to improve the ability to create and imagine these ridiculous images, comics, provocative, unsustainable, absurd, open-source, income, in the eye of mind.
I was pretty hooked with this.
This is me, using my standard team of training for memory competition.
It's a couple of shorts and some security glasses covered with tape leaving just two holes, because distraction is the worst enemy of a memory competition.
I ended up coming back to the same contest that I had covered a year before, and I had the idea that I could go into, in a kind of participatory experimental experiment.
And I thought this could serve from a whole research for all my research.
The problem was that the experiment came out of control.
And I got the competition, something that didn't have to happen.
Of course it's cute to memorize speeches, and phone numbers, and shopping lists, but actually this is not the point.
These are just tricks.
Because they're based on pretty basic principles about how the brain works.
And you don't need to be able to build your memory sticks or memorize nationalism, to benefit with a little bit of perspective about how your mind works.
We often talk about people with a great memory, as if it would be an innate gift, but it's not the case.
Great memories are educated.
At the most basic level, we remember when we pay attention.
We remember when we focus deeply.
The memory palace -- these memory techniques, are just shortcuts.
In fact, they're not even real shortcuts.
They work because they make us work.
They force a kind of deep processing, a kind of complete attention that most of us don't get around.
But the reality is there's no shortcuts.
That's how things get memorable.
And if there's something that I want to leave you today, it's what T.S, the American who couldn't even remember that I had a memory problem, I left myself, which is the notion that life is the sum of our memories.
How much are we willing to lose from what is already our short existence by losing in the Blackberries or iPhones, not paying attention to human being in front of us, who walks our side . Are we going to be so Hollywood that we don't even bother to process deep?
I learned firsthand that there are incredible memory capabilities in all of us.
But if you want to live a memorable life, you must be the kind of person I remember to remember.
Thank you.
Today I'm going to talk about the last 30 years of the history of architecture.
It's a lot to cover in 18 minutes.
It's a complex issue, so we'll take just a complex place: New Jersey.
Because 30 years ago, I'm from New Jersey, I was six and I lived there at home of my parents in a village called Lineable, and this was my child's bedroom.
In the corner, from my bedroom, there was the bathroom I shared with my sister.
And between my bedroom and the bathroom, there was a balcony that gave the room to be.
And there everybody was going to see the cloth, so every time I went from my room to the bathroom, everybody looked at me, and every time I hit and I went back into a towel, everybody looked at me.
And I was like this.
It was awkward, insecure and hated.
I hated that tour, hated that balcony, hated that room and that house.
That's architecture.
Ready.
Those feelings, those emotions that I feel, that is the power of architecture, because architecture is not about math, no areas division, but of those visceral connections, emotional, that we feel in the places we occupy.
And it's not surprising that we sit in that way, because according to the Environmental Protection Agency, Americans spend 90 percent of their time under ceiling.
I mean , 90 percent of the time we're surrounded by architecture.
That's a lot.
The architecture determines us in ways that we don't even realize.
That makes us a little bit naive and very, very predictable.
This means that when I show you a building like this, I know what I get to you: think of power, stability and democracy.
And I know they're thinking about being based on a building built 2,500 years ago by the Greeks.
This is a trick.
It's a trigger that architects use to create an emotional connection to the ways that we build our buildings.
It's a predictable emotional connection; we've used this trick for a long, long time.
We use it 200 years ago to build banks.
We use it in the 19th century to build art museums.
And in the 20th century, we use it to build houses.
Look, these stable soldiers, solid, front of the sea, away from the elements.
This is very, very useful, because building things is terrifying.
It's expensive, it takes a long time and it's very complicated.
People who build, the creators and governments, are always afraid of innovation, and they prefer to use ways that know they're going to work.
So we find buildings like this.
It's a nice building.
It's the Public Library of Living that was finished in 2004, in my hometown, and, you know, it has a dome; it has this round, columns, red brick, that you're going to be able to communicate with this building: children, property values, history.
But it doesn't have much to do with a library today.
That same year, in 2004, on the other side of the country, another library was completed, that it looks like this.
It's in Seattle.
This library shows how we use media in the digital era.
It's a new kind of public equipment for the city, a place to gather, read and share.
So, how is it possible that in the same year, in the same country, two buildings, both libraries, are so completely different?
And the answer is that architecture works on the beginning of pendulum.
On one side is innovation; architects that constantly drive new technologies, new technologies, new solutions for current life forms.
Let's push, push and push so much, that we get completely from people.
All of black, this is depressed . You believe we feel very well, but we're dead inside because we don't have another choice.
We need to go on the other side and connect with those appreciated symbols.
So we do that, and we're all happy, but we feel like trees, so we started to experience again; we're going to get the pendulum back forward, over and over again . So we've done it in the last 300 years, and of course it's in the last 30 years.
Well , 30 years ago we went out of the 1970s.
The architects were busy experimenting with the burning``brutality . ''
It has to do with the ant.
That can be guess.
Small windows, in destination scale.
Something really hard.
So we get closer at 80, and we started to incorporate those symbols.
We push the pendulum again in the other direction.
We take those forms that we know like, and we updated them.
We added, and we add cake and use new materials.
They love it.
We don't give up.
We take CheckDo weapons, and we turned them into skyscrapers, which can be medical castering made of glass.
The shapes were drowned, won in audacity and colorful.
The tunnels became columns.
The sciences grew up to the size of buildings.
A crazy.
But it was the '80s, that was great.
We all spend the time in commercial centers, we moved into the neighborhoods, and there, in suburbia, we can create our own architectural fantasies.
Those fantasies could be to the Mediterranean, the French, or the Italian.
possibly with a loaf of bread sticks.
This is what happens with pessimism.
This is what happens with symbols.
They're easy, they're cheap, because instead of creating new spaces, we remember other places.
I know very well, and all of you know, this is not the Tuscany.
This is Ohio.
Architects are frustrated and we start making the pendulum again in the other direction.
In the '80s and early '90s, we started experimenting with the decorative denominator.
Let's take down the historical symbols; now we have new design techniques of design, and we find new compositions -- a few ways that stars against other forms.
This is academic and embryonic, and it's super important; you're totally excluded.
Normally, the pendulum would excuse again in opposite direction.
But then something amazing happened.
In 1997, this building is opened.
It's the Bilbao of Bilbao, Frank Gehry.
This building changed fundamentally the relationship of the world with architecture.
Paul Goldberg said that Bilbao was one of these rare moments when critical, academic and public in general, they were completely according to a building.
The New York Times newspaper took this building of miracle.
tourism in Bilbao increased by two percent when the building ended.
So all of a sudden, everybody wanted one of those buildings: Los Angeles, Seattle, Chicago, New York, Cleveland, Sergiven.
Everyone wanted one, and Gehry was everywhere.
He was our first star architect.
But how is it possible that these shapes, wild and radical, how is it possible to become ubiquitous around the world?
And it happened, because media were galvanized around them and quickly learned that those shapes mean culture and tourism.
We've created an emotional reaction with these forms.
The same did the main mayors of the world.
So everybody believed that if they had these shapes, they had culture and tourism.
This phenomenon of beginnings of the new millennium happened with other stars.
I went to Zimbabwe and Listance, and what happened with these little elite architects in the new millennium threshold, actually started to happen with all architecture . digital media started to increase the speed of information consumption.
Think, for example, how they consume architecture.
A thousand years ago, you would have been walking to the next village to see a building.
The transportation gets accelerated: you can take a ship, an airplane, you can be tourists.
Technology accelerates . You can see in the newspapers, on the television, and at the end, we're all photographers of architecture, and the building is transported beyond its physical location.
Architecture is everywhere now; that means that the communications speed finally has reached the speed of architecture.
Because architecture moves so fast.
It doesn't make a lot of time to think about a building.
It takes a long time to build a building, three or four years, and in that time, an architect can design two, eight, or 100 more buildings, before you know if the one I designed four years ago was a success or not.
Because there's never been good feedback in architecture.
That's how we find buildings like this.
Building was not a two-year-old movement, but 20 years old.
For 20 years, we were building buildings like this because we had no idea how much they did.
That's never going to happen again . I think, because we're in the threshold of the biggest revolution in architecture since the invention of the ant, the steel or the elevator, and it's the media revolution.
My theory is that when you apply the media to media, it starts to get faster and faster, until you're in both extremes, almost simultaneously, and it's effectively disruptive the difference between innovation and symbol, between us, the architects, and you, the audience.
Now we can do almost instant symbols, with emotional charge, completely new.
I'll show you how the system works on a project that my company ended up recently.
We were hired to replace this building that was launched.
This is the center of a village called Pinks at Fire Island, in the state of New York.
It's a community of vacation.
But that meant that two years before the building was finished, it was already part of the community, and as the drawings looked exactly like the finished product, there were no surprises.
The building came to be part of the community . That first summer, when people started coming and shared it in social media, the building stopped being just a building, became a media of communication, because these are not just images of a building, it's the images that you made from the building.
And as you use them to tell their story, they become part of the personal narrative, and that makes circuits with collective memory, and in charge these symbols, we learn.
I mean, we don't need the Greeks to tell us how to think of architecture.
We can tell us each other what we think of architecture, because digital media has not only changed the relationship between us, but they've changed the relationship between us and the buildings.
Think for a second in those libraries of Louisville.
If that building is built today, first we go to the Internet looking for new libraries.
We would be bombarded with examples of experimentation, innovation, about what a library can be.
That's ammunition.
Municians that can lead to the mayor of Louisville, the people in Louisville, and tell you that there's no unique answer to what a library can be.
We're part of this.
This abundance of solutions gives the freedom of experiencing.
It's all different now.
Architects are no longer those mysterious creatures that use great words and complicated words, and one is no longer a breakfast public that doesn't accept something that hasn't seen before.
Architects can listen, and you're not allowed to go through architecture.
That means that the eye pendulum of one style, from one movement to another, is irrelevant.
In fact, we can go ahead and find solutions right to the problems facing society.
This is the end of the history of architecture, and it means that the tomorrow buildings will be very different than the buildings today.
This means that a public space in the ancient city of Seva can be unique and adapted to the measure of a modern city.
This means that a stadium in Brooklyn can be that, a stadium in Brooklyn, and not a bad historical mimicking of red bricks based on what a stadium should be.
This means that a few robots will be able to build our buildings, because we'll finally be ready for the shapes that they're going to produce.
That means that buildings are encouraged to the whims of nature and not the contrary.
This means that a parking garage in Miami Beach, Florida, can also serve to make sports or yoga, or even one can be married at night.
This means that three architects can dream with the East River in New York City, and raise half a million dollars from the community around that cause, no longer a customer.
It means that no building is too small for innovation, like this tiny pavilion of kidney, as well as the animals that are going to look at.
Because no matter whether it's a cow or a robot who built our buildings.
It doesn't matter how we build, what matters is what we build.
Architects already know how to make more ecological, smarter and more friendly buildings.
We've been waiting for all of you to want them.
Finally, we're not on opposite sides.
Find an architect, control it and work together to make better buildings, better cities, for a better world, because there's a lot of in play.
Buildings don't just reflect our society, but they shape the smallest spaces, the local libraries, the homes where we form our children, and the canopy step into the bathroom.
Thank you very much.
This is my niece, Steve.
He just turned a year, and she already started walking.
And he does it in that great, typical, typical way of a year's children, drowning, as if his body was moving too fast for his legs.
It's totally gorgeous.
And one of the things that I like to do at the moment is to look at the mirror.
She really loves her reflection.
It laughs and squeaks, and it gives themselves those big and wet kisses.
It's beautiful.
Apparently, all his friends do this, and my mom tells me that I used to do it, and it made me think,``When do I do this? ''
How is it that we all suddenly don't like our appearance?
Because, apparently, we don't like it.
Every month , 10,000 people look at Google,``Am I ugly? ''
This is David, she's 13 and he lives in Denver.
And as any teenager, it just wants to be loved and fit.
It's Sunday at night.
It's preparing for next week in school.
He's got a bit of fear, it's a little confused because, even though her mom tells her the whole thing that's beautiful, every day in school, someone tells him it's ugly.
And between what her mom says and what his friends, or school partners say, he doesn't know who to believe.
So he makes a video of her, he publishes it on YouTube, and he asks others to please leave a comment,``Am I nice or ugly? ''
Well, so far, Faiza has received more than 13,000 comments.
Some of these are so unpleasant, that it doesn't even deserve to think about them.
We talk about a healthy, normal and current teenager, which receives these responses in one of the most vulnerable stages of their life emotionally.
Thousands of people are posting videos like this, mostly teenage girls trying to communicate this way.
But what's taking them to do this?
Well, today's teenagers are almost never alone.
They're under pressure of being online and available all the time, talking, chatting, giving``I like ,"commenting, sharing, publishing, this never ends.
We've never been so connected, in a continuous way, instant, so young.
As a mother said to me,``It's like there's a party in his room every night . ''
There's simply no privacy.
And the social pressures that go from hand with that are impossible.
This environment, of being always connected, is destiny our kids to self-organization based on the number of``I like"that they have and the kinds of comments that they receive.
There is no division between life and real life.
It's really difficult to know the differences between what it is or what it is not.
And also, it's very difficult to know the difference between what is authentic and what's digitally manipulated.
What is the most disaster thing in someone's life, what is normal in a daily context?
And where are they looking for inspiration?
Well, you can see the kind of images that are corrected from the news of girls now.
Clear models still continue to dominate our passengers.
The engineering technique is now a routine.
And trends like: shooting, shoulder, biologist and provider.
For those of you who don't know, it means programming.
These trends are associated with women in the popular culture today.
It's not hard to see what the young people are comparing.
But kids are not immune to this.
As the superhero stars of sports, and the shots of the sports.
But what is the problem with all this?
Well, surely we want our kids to grow healthy and are well balanced individuals.
But in a culture obsessed by the image, we're teaching our kids to spend longer and mental effort to their appearance, at the price of all other aspects of their identity.
Things like their relationships, the development of their physical capabilities, their studies and other aspects start to suffer.
Six out of 10 girls prefer not to do something because they think they don't see beautiful enough.
These are not trivial activities.
These are fundamental activities for growth as human beings and as a taxpayer and the field of labor development.
31 percent, almost one of three teenagers are not interested in class arguments . They avoid participating in classrooms because they don't want to call attention for their physical aspects.
One in five are not attending classes at all during the days when they don't feel comfortable about it.
And in the test season, if you don't think you're good enough, specifically if you don't think you're thin enough, you'll get a less note at the average of your peers who don't worry about the appearance.
And this phenomenon has been widespread in Finland, the United States and China.
And it's irrespective of what actually weigh these young people.
So, in order to get clear, we're talking about how you see you, not how you really are.
The low self-esteem on its body is democratizing academic performance.
And it's also losing health.
The teenagers with a little bit less physical activity, they eat less fruit and vegetables, participate in more healthy diet than they can take them to a food disorder.
They have low self-esteem.
They're more easily influenced by the people around them, and they're at greater risk of depression.
And we think that it's all over the way that they make more risky decisions, like alcohol and drug consumption, dramatic diets, aesthetic surgery, sexual relationships to early age and without protecting and damage.
The pursuit of the perfect body is advising the health care system, and our government costs billions of dollars every year.
And we're not controlling it.
Women who believe they're overweight, regardless of whether or not they have higher rates of autism.
17 percent of women don't present to a job interview in a day that they don't feel secure with the way they see.
Think about a moment in what this is doing to our economy.
If we could overcome this, what would that opportunity?
To release this potential for each of us.
But how do we do that?
Well, speaking, by itself, it doesn't take you very far.
Not quite.
If you really want to change things, you have to do something.
And we've learned that there are three key forms . The first is that we have to instill trust in their own body.
We have to help our teenagers develop strategies to overcome the pressure of perfect images and build their self-esteem.
The good news is that there are many programs available to do that.
The bad news is that most of these don't work.
I was very surprised when I learned that a lot of well-intentioned programs, without realizing, do the situation.
So, we need to make sure that the program that follows our children not only have a positive impact, but also a lasting impact.
And research studies show that the best programs are focused on six key areas . The first is the influence of family, friends and relationships.
These six aspects are crucial parties for anyone to provide an education in body self-worth that works.
An education is fundamental, but facing this problem requires every one of us that we take the networks in the issue and we are a better model to follow women and girls in our own lives.
The current status of how women are seen and mentioned in our circles.
It's not good to tell the contribution of our politicians in hair cuts or the size of their breasts, or to insist that the determination or success of an Olympic athlete depends on the fact that it's not a big beauty.
We need to start judging people for what they are, not as they look.
All of us can start by doing it by taking responsibility for the kind of images and comments that we published in our social networks.
We can empower people based on their effort and their actions and not in their appearance.
And let me ask you: When was the last time you had a mirror?
In summary, we have to work together as communities, as governments and as companies, to really change our culture, so that our kids grow up valuing their whole person, valuing individuality, diversity, inclusion.
We have to put people who are really making the difference in a pedestal.
To make a difference in the real world, let's make them be the ones who go out in the big screen because we just create a different world.
A world where our children are free to become the best version of themselves, where the way they think they're seen to be who they are, or to reach what they want in their lives.
Think about what this can mean for someone in your lives.
Who have in mind?
Her wife?
Your sister?
Your daughter?
Your niece? Your friend?
It might just be the woman that's two seats away . What would it mean for her if he was released from that automated voice inside that automatic voice in his inside, that he was afraid for not having long legs, more thin most, a more flat wind, smaller feet?
What would it mean for her if we overcome this and we would say,``Let's say to their potential that way? ''
Right now, the obsession of our culture with images is holding us all.
But let's teach our kids the truth.
Let's find that the way you see is just one part of your identity, and that the truth is that you love them for who they are and what they do, and as you make us feel.
We include self-esteem in the curriculum of our schools.
We change each of us, the way we speak and compare with other people.
And we work together as a community, from small groups to governments, so that the small traveling of a year of age today, they become security agents of themselves tomorrow.
Let's do it.
On November 5th of 1990, a gentleman named Elizabeth Name walked into a hotel in Manhattan and killed the Arab Meseba Kaha, the leader of the Jewish Defense League.
So, initially, they would disappoint it innocent, but being prisoners for other charges, in company of others, started to plan attacks to about 12 icons of New York, including tunnels, synagogues and the United Nations headquarters.
Luckily, those plans were frustrated by an FBI informant.
Sadly, the 1993 bomb in the World Trade Center, couldn't avoid.
Later I would be convicted of his participation in that cliff.
Elizabeth Now is my father.
I was born in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania , 1983, being him an Egyptian engineer, with a lovely American mother, elementary school teacher, between the two, made all the possible for giving me a happy childhood.
Only when I was seven, our family began to change.
My father taught me a form of Islam, which very few, including most Muslims, come to meet.
For experience, I saw that when people take time for interacting, it doesn't require much to get the same things in life.
However, in every single religion, in every human group, there's always a little fraction of people who are holding so dramatically to their convictions that I think we have to use all possible media for everyone to live like them.
A few months before the arrest he sat with me and explained that in the last last weekend, he and some friends, had been going to shooting training in Long Island, to practice.
He said to me the next day.
We came up with the Calibral shooting policy that, without knowing our group, was surveillance by the FBI.
When I was playing, my father helped me hold the rifle in the shoulder and explained how to aim for about 30 feet.
That day, with the last bullet, I gave the little orange light on the target and, to surprise of all, especially mine, all the goal in flames.
My uncle went back to others and Arabic, said```` Goal Abus . ''
From such a father, such a child.
All, the comment produced a lot of laughter, but just a few years later, I understood what they were so funny.
You saw in me, the same level of destruction that my father could cause.
Those people later would be convicted by putting a van that has 700 pounds of explosives in the underground parking parking in the World Trade Center, causing an explosion that killed six people and hearted to another 1,000.
I admired those men.
He called them``amming ,"which means uncle.
When I turned 19, I had moved 20 times . That instability during my childhood didn't allow me to do a lot of friendships.
Every time I started feeling comfortable about someone, it was time to empathize and go to another city.
As I was always me, the new face of the class was often massage of murder.
I created secret my identity to avoid being the white, but it will be the new of class, silent and regulate, it was enough ammunition.
So most of the time, I was going home reading books, watching TV or playing games.
For these reasons, I didn't develop social skills, to say it gently, to grow under the fan, not preparing for the real world.
I was educated to judge people, based on arbitrary indicators, like their race or their religion.
So, how could I open your eyes?
One of the first experiences that I tested my thinking was during presidential elections of 2000.
In a college program that I participated at the National Convention Convention in Philadelphia.
My group was focused on the subject of youthful violence, as I had been a mass victim almost all my life, it was something that I felt a lot of passion.
The members of this group came from different procedures.
One day, at the end of the convention, I discovered that one of the kids who we had made friendship, was Jewish.
It took several days to go to the light this detail, and I realized there was no analysis between the two.
I had never had a Jewish friend before, and I was very proud to have been able to sell the barrier that all life had been made to believe that it was unstable.
Another crucial moment emerged when I got a summer job at Bush Gardens, a amusement park.
I found people from all kinds of beliefs and cultures, and that experience was fundamental in the development of my character.
All life had been taught that homosexuality was a sin, and by extension, all the homosexuality was bad influences.
By the way, I had the opportunity to work with gay actors there, in a show, and I could see that several of them were the most nice and least critical ones I had ever seen in life.
Having been bullied by a child, developed a sense of empathy to the suffering of others, but it wasn't easy for me to treat nice people, exactly the way as I would have wanted to be treated.
So I could hire the stereotypes that had taught me as a child, with the experience of interaction in real life.
I don't know how that is of being gay, but I know what it is to be judged for something beyond my control.
Then the``Daily Show . ''
Every night, Jon Stewart made me be intellectually honest to my intolerance, and I helped to see that the race of people, religion or sexual orientation, have nothing to do with character.
In many ways he became my pattern figure at a time when I was desperately getting it.
In occasion, inspiration can come from the unexpected, and that a Jewish comedian had a better influence in my life than my own father, extremists, was not in vain.
One day, I had a conversation with my mother about how I was changing my thinking, and she told me something I'll conserve in my heart forever, while he's alive.
She looked at me with the eyes tired of someone who has suffered enough demographic and said,``I'm tired of hate . ''
At that point I realized how much negative energy is needed to keep all that hatred inside.
My real name is not Zeakle Eran.
I changed it when my family decided to break the relationship with my father and started a new life.
So, why did I decide to go out and put in a possible risk?
Well, it's simple.
I've done it because I hope someone, one day, who is trying to bring to violence, can hear my story and understand that there's a better way, that although I was convicted to this violent and intolerance ideology, I didn't get to make a fan.
Conversely, I decided to use my experience to fight terrorism and against prejudice.
I do it for the victims of terrorism and their loved ones, because of the terrible pain and losses that terrorism has produced them in their lives.
For the victims of terrorism, I'm going to talk, against those meaningless acts, as I reject my father's actions.
With this simple one, I'm exposed to here as proof that violence is not inherent to any religion or race, that children don't have to follow their parents' roads.
I'm not my father.
Thank you . Thank you really . Thank you very much.
Right now, there's a film that's projected in its minds.
It's an amazing crowd movie.
It's in 3D and it has underground sound of what you hear and see right now . But that's just the beginning.
Your movie has sand, flavor and texture.
It feels your body, your pain, your hunger, your pleasure.
It has emotions, anger and happiness.
It has memories, as moments of your childhood, that are projected to your eyes.
And it's constantly a super-expressive voice in your conscious thinking.
The heart of the movie are you who experience everything in direct.
This film is your flow of consciousness, the subject of the experience of mind and the world.
Consciousness is one of the fundamental truths of human beings.
Each of us is conscious.
We all have an internal movie, you and you and you.
There's nothing we know more directly.
At least, I know that I have a sense of consciousness.
I have no certainty that you are conscious.
Consciousness is also the reason for living.
If we weren't aware, nothing in our lives would make sense or value.
But at the same time, it's the most mysterious phenomenon in the universe.
Why are we conscious?
Why do we have these internal movies?
Why aren't we just robots that process what we get to produce results without experiencing the internal movie?
Right now, nobody knows the answers to those questions.
It suggests that to integrate consciousness to science, you need some radical ideas.
Some people say it's impossible a science of consciousness.
Science, by nature, is objective.
Consciousness, by nature, is subjective.
So there can never be a science of consciousness.
Because for almost all the 20th century, I predict that vision.
Psychologists studied the behavior objectively, neuroscience studied the brain objectively, but no one mentioned consciousness.
Even 30 years ago, when TED started, there were very few scientific jobs about consciousness.
After , 20 years ago, everything began to change.
neuroscientists like Rag Church and physicists like Roger Penrose said,``now is the time for science to tackle consciousness . ''
And since then, there was a real explosion, an flourishing of scientific work on consciousness.
And this work was fantastic . It was great.
But it also has fundamental limitations to the moment.
The center of consciousness science in recent years was the pursuit of correlations, correlations between some areas of the brain and some states of consciousness.
We saw some of this guy in the fantastic work that Nancy Kangarines presented a few minutes ago.
Now we understand much better, for example, areas of the brain that are related to the conscious experience of seeing faces or feeling pain or feeling happy.
But this is still a science of correlations.
It's not a science of explanations.
We know that these brain areas are related to certain kinds of conscious experiences, but we don't know why.
I'd like to explain to you that this kind of neuroscience work answers some questions that we want to explain consciousness, the questions about what certain areas of the brain do and what they correlate with.
But in a sense, those are the easy problems.
No offense the neuroscientists.
Actually, there are no easy problems with consciousness.
Well, it doesn't address the real central mystery of this matter: Why physical process in the brain has to be accompanied by consciousness?
Why is there a subjective internal movie?
Right now, we can't understand it.
And you can say, let's give a few years to neuroscience.
It's going to become another emerging phenomenon like emptings, like hurricanes, like life, and we'll find explanation.
The typical emergence is all cases of emergent behaviors, how the elements operate, how hurricanes work, how they breed, adapt and metabolizing living organisms . They're all questions about objective function.
That could be applied to the human brain to explain some behaviors and the functions of the human brain as an emerging phenomenon: how we walk, how we talk, how we're playing chess; they're all questions about behavior.
But when it comes to consciousness, the questions about behavior are among the easy problems.
But the hard problem, it's the question of why is that all behaviors are accompanied from a subjective experience?
And here is, the standard paradigm of emergence, the standard paradigm of neuroscience, actually still doesn't have to say.
I'm a heart scientific material.
I want a scientific theory of altruist that works . For a long time, I hit my head against the wall looking for a theory of consciousness in pure physics that would work.
But at the end, I came to conclusion that didn't work for systematic reasons.
I think we're stuck at this point.
We have a chain of wonderful explanations, great, we get used to this; physics explains chemistry, chemistry explains biology, the biology explains part of psychology.
But consciousness doesn't seem to fit in this scheme.
On the one hand, it's a fact that we are aware of.
For another, we don't know how to accommodate that idea to our scientific view of the world.
I believe that consciousness, right now, is kind of an anomaly, something that we need to integrate our worldview, but we don't even know how.
With an anomaly like this, you can need radical ideas, I think we need ideas that are beginning to be crazy, before we can deal with consciousness in a scientific way.
There are some possibilities for those crazy ideas.
My friend Dan Dennett, who's here today, has one.
Their crazy idea is that there is no difficult problem of consciousness.
The whole idea of the internal subjective movie includes a kind of illusion or confusion.
Actually, what you have to do, is to explain objective function, the behaviors of the brain, and this is what you need to explain.
Well, more power for him.
That's the kind of radical idea that we need to explore if we want to have a theory of purely reductionist consciousness, based on the brain.
At the same time, for me and for many others, that vision is pretty close to simply deny that the observation of consciousness is satisfying.
But I go in a different direction.
In the time, I want to explore two crazy ideas that I think can be promising.
The first crazy idea is that consciousness is fundamental.
physicists sometimes take some aspects of the universe as fundamental bricks: space, time and mass.
Push fundamental laws that govern them, like gravity laws or quantum mechanics.
These fundamental laws and properties are not explained in terms of nothing more basic.
On the contrary, they're considered fundamental, and there is the world built.
Sometimes, the list of the fundamental is attached.
In the 19th century, I discovered that you cannot explain the electromagnetic phenomena in terms of fundamental things, space, time, mass, Newton laws, and then postcards of the basic laws of electromagnetism, and the electrical charge as a fundamental concept that these laws govern.
I think that's the situation that we find with consciousness.
If you can't explain consciousness in terms of fundamental ideas, space, time, mass, charge, then for a matter of logic, you have to give up the list.
The most natural thing would be to apply awareness itself as a fundamental, a fundamental brick of nature.
This doesn't mean that all of a sudden is not about science.
It opens the way to scientifically manipulate it.
So what we need is to study the fundamental laws that govern consciousness, laws that connect consciousness with other fundamental concepts: space, time, mass, physical processes.
physicists sometimes say that we want fundamental laws so simple that we can get them in a remix.
The situation of consciousness is something like this.
We want to find fundamental laws so simple that we can get them in a t-shirt.
We still don't know what laws they are, but that's what we're looking for.
The second crazy idea is that consciousness can be universal.
Every system can have a degree of consciousness.
This vision is sometimes called the prosperity:``bread ,"for all,``psychotic"for mind, every system is conscious, not only humans, the dogs, the mice, the flies, even the Rob Knight microbes, the elementary particles.
Even a picture has some degree of consciousness.
The idea is not that photons are smart or you think.
It's not that a picture can be full of anguish when you think,``Oh, always travel at the speed of light.
I can never slow down and smell the pink . ''
No, not.
But the thought is maybe the photons can have some element of raw, subjective feeling, some primitive precursor of consciousness.
This can sound a little bit crazy for you.
How would anyone think of something that crazy?
In part of this, it comes from the first crazy idea, that consciousness is a fundamental thing.
If it's fundamental, like space, time and mass, it is natural to assume that it can also be universal, just like others.
It also worth noticing that although the idea seems to us, it's much less for people in different cultures, where the human mind seems more a continuum with nature.
A deeper reason comes from the idea that perhaps the simplest and most powerful way of finding fundamental laws that relate to the thinking with physical process, is to link consciousness with information.
Whenever there's information processing, there's consciousness.
Compassion processing, like a human being, complex consciousness.
Simple information processing, simple consciousness.
Something really exciting is that in the recent years, a neuroscientist, Giussani Tong, took this kind of theory and developed it regularly with mathematical methods.
It has a mathematical measure of information, which is called grass, which measures the degree of information integrated in a system.
And it's supposed to be about consciousness.
So in a human brain, there's an incredible degree of information integration, a high degree of cousins, a lot of consciousness.
In a mouse, there is a degree of information integration, just like quite significant, rather important consciousness degree.
But when you get to the worms, microbes, particles, the degree of cousin said.
The data integration level is less, but it's not zero.
In Tony's theory, there will still be a level of different awareness of zero.
It actually proposed a fundamental law of consciousness: high degree of grass, high degree of consciousness.
Also, another reason is that the phantom can help us integrate consciousness to the physical world.
physicists and philosophers often have observed that physics is curiously abstract.
It describes the structure of reality using a lot of equations, but it doesn't talk about the reality that underlies underneath.
As Stephen Hawking explained,``Where are equations coming out of? ''
From planetary vision, the equations of physics can be left as they are, but they can use to describe the flow of consciousness.
That's what physicists do basically, they describe the flow of consciousness.
According to this view, consciousness is the one that puts fire in the equations.
In that vision, consciousness is not out of the physical world as a kind of an additive.
It's right in the middle.
This vision, I think, the flat vision, has the potential to translate our relationship with nature, and can have pretty serious social consequences and ethical consequences.
Some can be illogical.
I used to think that I shouldn't eat anything that had consciousness, then it should be vegetarian.
If you're a brush and you accept that vision, you'll have a lot of hunger.
I think that it tends to transform your visions, whereas what matters in ethical terms and moral consideration is not so much the fact of consciousness, but your importance and your complexity.
It's also natural to ask for consciousness in other systems, like computers.
What about the artificial intelligence system of Samantha in the movie``Heroes? ''
Is it conscious?
According to flat information, she has a complicated information processing, so that the answer is yes, if it's conscious.
If this is right, it's quite serious, very serious ethical problems on the level of the development of intelligent computer systems and the ethics of spreading.
Finally, you can ask for the awareness of complete collective, the planet.
Canada has its own consciousness?
Or at a more local level, an integrated group, like the audience in a TED Talk . Right now, have a TED collective consciousness, an internal film for this whole TED group, different of the internal movies of each of the parts?
I don't know the answer to that question, but I think at least it's a question that should be serious.
So this pandemic vision is a radical view, and I don't know if it's right.
I'm actually safer from the very first crazy idea, that consciousness is a fundamental thing, that the second one is universal.
Vision raises a lot of questions, many challenges, like, how those thinking bits contribute to the kind of complex consciousness we know and love.
If we can answer those questions, then I think we're going on the right path to a theory of serious consciousness.
If not, well, probably this is the hardest problem of science and philosophy.
We can't wait to solve it overnight.
But I think we'll finally go to discover.
To understand consciousness is the real key, I think, to understand the universe and to understand ourselves.
Maybe we just need the right idea.
Thank you.
I grew up in a little rural village in Victoria.
He had a very normal profile, a low profile of education.
I went to school, I went to my friends, I was fighting with my younger sisters.
Everything was very normal.
And when I was 15, a member of my community came to my parents because I wanted to name myself for a community prize.
And my parents said,``Well, that's very nice, but there's an obvious problem.
She actually hasn't gotten anything ."and they were right.
I went to school, I had good notes . After school, I had a low profile in my mother's hair, and spent a long time looking at the``But the Vagina Self"and``Daves's Creek . ''
Yes, I know . What contradiction.
But they were right.
I did nothing that was extraordinary at all.
Nothing that can be considered as a achievement if we take the disability outside the equation.
Years later, being at the second part of the teaching at Mellon's high school, just after about 20 minutes in the 11 minutes, a guy raised his hand and said,``Hey, when you give your speech? ''
And I said,``What a speech? ''
Well, I had been talking about the law of disability for a good 20 minutes.
And he said,``You know, your motivation speech.
When people in wheelchair, they talk about inspirational things in school? ''
\" Usually, in the classroom . ''
And that was when I realized: This kid had had expertise with people with disabilities as objects of inspiration.
And we're not . It's not the fault of the boy, that is true for many of us.
For us, people with disabilities are not our teachers or our doctors or our manuscripts.
We're not real people . We're there to inspire.
And, in fact, I'm on this stage that I do in this wheelchair, and you probably are waiting for you to inspire you . Right? Yeah.
Well, ladies and gentlemen, I'm afraid to tell you dramatically.
I'm not here to inspire them.
I'm here to tell you that you've lied in relation to disability.
Yes, you've been selling the lie that disability is a bad thing, A mass, M machine.
It's a bad thing, and living with a disability makes you exceptional.
It's not bad, and it doesn't get excellent.
And in the last few years, we've been able to spread even more lies through social media.
You may have seen images like this:``The only disability in life is a bad attitude . ''
Or this one:``Your excuse is invisible ."indeed.
Or this one:``Before leaving, intention! ''
These are just a couple of examples, but there's a lot of them.
You may have seen one, from the hands without hands drawing with a pen holding on the mouth.
You may have seen a child running with professional legs of carbon fiber.
And there's a lot of these images, which are what we call a porn inspiration.
And I use the term porn deliberately, because they make a group of people for the benefit of another group of people.
So, in this case, we made the disabled disabilities of people without disability.
The purpose of these images is to inspire them, motivate them, so we can see them and think,``Well, for very bad that it's my life, it might be worse.
I could be that person . ''
But if you're that person?
I've lost the story of the number of times that you've ever approached me, wanting to express that you believe that I'm brave or a source of inspiration, and this happened to before my work had a public profile.
It was like I was happy to get up in the morning and remember my own name . And this is to make.
These images, those images make people with disabilities in profit of people without disability.
They're there for you to see them and think that things are not so bad for you, or to put their concerns in perspective.
And life as a disabled person is actually something difficult.
Let's get some things out.
But the things we overcome are not the things that you can think of.
It's not relative things to our bodies.
I use the term``disabled people ,"deliberately because I'm amazed by the so-called social model of disability, which tells us that we are more disabled because of society that we live in our bodies or diagnostics.
So I've lived in this body for a long time.
I'm very locked with him.
I do the things that I need to do, and I've learned how to get the best of your ability as well as you do, and that's what happens with the children of those photos as well.
They're not doing anything out of the common.
They're just using their bodies taking the best of their ability.
So, is it really fair to make them the way we do, when we share those images?
When people tell us,``You're an inspiration source ,"he says it as a compliment.
And I know why it happens.
It's because of lie, because you've sold us this lie that disability makes us exceptions.
And honestly, it doesn't.
And I know what you're thinking.
I'm here playing inspiration, and you think,``Oh God, Steve, are you sometimes inspired by something? ''
And actually, I know I am.
Learning from other people with disabilities at all time.
However, I don't learn that I'm more fortunate than they are.
I learned that this is a great idea to use some pictures of barbecue to collect the things that fall to me, learning the ingenious trick of how to load the battery of the mobile phone in the chair of the chair.
Great.
We learn from force and resilience of others, not against our bodies and our diagnostics, but against a world that's exceptional and it makes us.
I really believe that that lie that you've sold us about disability is the greatest injustice.
It makes us difficult life.
And that quote:``The only disability in life is a bad attitude ,"the reason that that's lies is because it's not true, because of the social model of disability.
A lot of smiles to a climb of stairs has never made it into a ramp.
Never . Sort of served to a television screen not to appear the subtitles for deaf people.
It's also not a lot of people in the middle of a bookstore and introduced a positive attitude to convert all those books into the braille.
It's just not going to happen.
I really want to live in a world where disability is not exception, but the norm.
I want to live where a 15-year-old girl sitting in his bedroom watching``The Varia Self"doesn't consider anything to be in a chair.
I want to live in a world where we don't have so low expectations of the disabled people who are happy to get away from bed and remember our names in the morning.
I want to live in a world where we value the genetic achievement of people with disabilities, and I want to live in a world where a 11 degree child in a high school school in Melbourne is not a bit surprised that his new teacher is a wheelchair user.
Disability doesn't make us exceptions, but to question what you think you think you know about it, I do.
Thank you.
What do you have to see the augmented reality and the professional football, with empathy?
And what is the average speed of a non-liver golf?
Unfortunately, today just answer one of those questions, so please don't unfold.
When people think about augmented reality, you think about``Minority Report"and in Tom Cruise by giving hands in the air, but the augmented reality is not science fiction.
The augmented reality is something that will happen in our days and happen because we have the tools for it, and people need to know, because the augmented reality will change our lives as much as the Internet and mobile phones.
So how do we get to the augmented reality?
The first step, is what I'm wearing: the Google Glass glasses.
I'm sure many are familiar with them.
What you may not know is that Google Glass are a device that allows them to see what I see.
It will allow you to experience what is being a professional sports in the field.
Right now, the only way to be in the field is that I try to describe them.
I have to use words.
I have to create a framework that you will fill with your imagination.
We can use the Google Glass, underneath a helmet and know what is running through the game field to 160 miles, the blood hitting your ears.
We can know that it feels like a 110-year-old man chasing us, trying to stand up with everything.
I've been there and I assure you that it's not nice.
I bring some videos to show you what it is to use Google Glass under the helmet, and give you an idea of that.
Unfortunately, it's not images of the NFL practice, because the idea of emerging technology is a submarine rising to the surface, but we do what we can.
So let's see a video.
Chris Kelly: Let's go.
It's horrible to be talented.
A moment . Let's get a little bit.
Ready?
Go!
Chris Kelly: As you can see, it's a proof of what is being touched in the football field, from the perspective of the keyboard.
You've realized that you lack people, the rest of the team.
We have a video of them, cut at the University of Washington.
Office of field : 54! mice!
Blue 8, Blue 8! Come on!
Chris Kelly: This is about a little bit more like being in the field, but it has nothing to do with being at NFL.
The fans want that experience.
The fans want to be in the field, being their favorite players, and they've asked me on YouTube and Twitter,``You can see from the angle of a field scale.
A runner?
We want to experience that . ''
Once we have that experience with Google and Google Glass, how do we get full of the next level?
We took it to that level using something called Rio Rift, which is surely many of you already know.
The Rio Rift has been described as the most realistic virtual reality device ever created, and it's not cheap.
And I'm going to show you why, with this video.
Man: Oh!
No, no, no! I don't want to keep playing! No!
Oh, my God! Oh!
CK: That's the experience of a man in a Russian mountain fear of his life.
What will be the experience of a fan when we recorded a video of Abraham Petersburg crossing the line, getting rid of a keyboard with the arm before running and make an notation? What will be the experience of a fan.
When you can be Messel running through the box, throwing the ball at the bottom of the network? Or Feynman making a stick in Wimbledon?
What will your experience be when you download from a mountain to more than 100 miles as an Olympic skier?
It may be increased for adults sales.
But this is not yet augmented.
It's just virtual reality, Raven.
How do we achieve augmented reality , 21st?
We'll reach the augmented reality when the coaches, the mangroves and the owners look at the information of what people want to see and think,``How do we use this to improve our teams?
How do we use it to win parties? ''
Because they always use technology to win.
They like to win . They give them money.
So, here's a brief repair on the technology at NFL.
In 1965, the Baltimore powers put a breakfast to their field scale to play faster.
They won the Super Bowl that year.
Other teams decided to imitate them.
More people saw the game because it was more exciting, faster.
In 1994, the NFL put radio on the fields of the fields and then in the defense.
They had more viewers because it was faster, more entertaining.
In 2013, imagine that they're a player coming back to her group and see his next player shown in front of you, in a plastic glass that they're wearing . You won't have to worry about forgetting a game.
or to memorize the strategy.
They just go out to the field and react.
And the coaches want it because if they don't follow their instructions, they lose parties, and they hate to lose parties.
If you lose parties, you wake up as a coach.
And they don't want that.
But the augmented reality is not just a manual of improved strategies.
The augmented reality is also a way to gather information and use it in real time to improve your game.
How would it be?
Well, a very simple choice would be to have a camera in every corner of the stadium having a view from the top of the people who are down.
You also get information from the sensors of the helmet and the accelerometer, something that is already working on.
And all that information is sent to your players.
The good teams will know to send it.
The bad ones will have information overload.
This would differentiate the good teams of bad people.
So, your computer team will be as important as your scouts, and the data analysis will stop being just for nerds.
It's also for sports . Who would have imagined it?
What would it be like in the field?
Imagine you're the field scale.
You get the ball and you get back.
You look for an open receiver . All of a sudden, a flashlight on the left of your bombsight will warn you that a defense behind you is going to attack . Normally, you wouldn't see it, but the RNA system is suspended.
Go forward to the protection area.
Another flashlight will warn you there's an open receiver.
You toss the ball, but you would be removed.
And the ball loses the trajectory.
You don't know where you land . However, the receiver sees your bombsight an area of grass that lights up and can change the career.
It takes off, caught the whale, runs and craving.
The audience will go down and the fans have followed the player from each angle.
This is something that creates a massive emotion in the game.
To make lots of people see it, because people want to live that experience.
The fans want to be in the field.
They want to be their favorite player.
The augmented reality will be part of the sports because it's too cost-effective to not be.
But what I ask you is, do we want this to be the only use of augmented reality?
Are we going to use it as bread and circus, like our usual entertainment?
Because I think we can use it for something else.
I think we can use the augmented reality to foster empathy between human beings, to show someone how it is, literally, to be in somebody else's place.
We know what this technology is worth for sports.
It makes billions of income a year.
But how much is this technology worth for a professor in the classroom trying to show a abuse how harmful their actions are from the perspective of the victim?
How much is this technology worth for a gay in Uganda or Russia trying to show the world how to live?
How much is it for a Commandment or a Neil Delster Tesla trying to inspire a generation of children to think about space and science instead of quarterly and Karazans?
Ladies and gentlemen, the augmented reality.
The questions we do, the decisions that we take and the challenges that we face, depend on, as always, from us.
Thank you.
I was recently retired after 23 years of service in the High Patrick of California.
Now, most of those 23 years, I've been able to patrol the southern end of Marine County, which includes the Golden Gates Bridge.
The bridge is an iconic structure, known globally by its beautiful views of San Francisco, the Pacific Ocean, and its inspiration style architectural.
Unfortunately, it's also an magnet for suicide, being one of the most used places in the world.
The Golden Gate Bridge was open in 1937.
Joseph StoryCorps, the chief chief engineer of building the bridge, said that,``The bridge is practically testing suicide.
suicide from the bridge is no practical or likely . ''
But from its openness, over 1,600 people have jumped to their death from that bridge.
Some believe that traveling between the two towers will bring you to another dimension, this bridge has been idealized as such, so that fall from it frees you from all your concerns and pain, and the waters that are going on below your soul.
But let me tell you that it happens when the bridge is used to commit suicide.
After a free fall of four to five seconds, the body hit the water about 120 miles an hour.
The impact breaks the bones, some of which performance vital organs.
Most people die in impact.
The ones that don't, normally fall out in the helpless water and then drowned.
I don't think that the ones that are interacting with this method of suicide, they realize the dead map that they will face.
This is the wire.
Except about two towers, there are 32 inches of parallel steel.
This is where most people are for before they take away life.
I can tell you for experience that once the person is on that edge, and in their darkest moment, it's very difficult to bring it back.
I took this picture last year while this young man spoke to an officer contemplating his life.
I want to tell you with joy that we had success that day to bring it back on the railing.
When I started working on the bridge, we didn't have any formal training.
We struggled to channel the path through these calls.
This was not just a bad service to those who control suicide, but the officers also.
We've turned a long way since then.
Today, veterans and psychologists train the new officers.
This is Jason Gardner.
I met him on July 22 last year by receiving a call from a possible suicide subject sitting in the middle of the center.
I answered, and when I came, I watched Jason talking to an official of the Golden Gates Bridge.
Jason was just 32 years old, and he had flown up here from New Jersey.
In fact, I had flown over here twice from New Jersey to try to suicide from this bridge.
After about an hour speaking with Jason, we asked ourselves if we knew the story of Pandora's box.
By remembering the Greek mythology, Zetuan created Pandora, and he sent her to the Earth with a box, and he said,``Never open that box . ''
Well, one day, curiosity could more than Pandora, and she opened the box.
It came out of pests, pennies, and all kinds of evils against man.
The only good thing in the box was hope.
So Jason asked us,``What if you open the box and no hope? ''
It stopped some instant, leaned on the right, and it was.
This nice, smart man from New Jersey had just removed life.
I talked to Jason's parents that night, and I guess when I was talking to them, it didn't seem to be ringing very well, because the next day, family's rabbi called me to see how it was.
Jason's parents had asked.
The collateral damage of suicide affect a lot of people.
I posed these questions: What would you do if a member of your family, a friend or someone loved out suicide?
What would you say?
You know what to say?
In my experience, you don't just talk, but you have to hear.
Listening to understand.
Not arguments, blame, or tell the person you know how you feel, because you probably don't know.
Just being there, you can be the inflection point you need.
If you think someone is suicide, you're not afraid to face them and ask the question.
One way to ask them the question is,``Other people in similar circumstances have thought about finishing their life; have you had these thoughts? ''
Confrontation to front can save life and be the inflection point for them.
Other signs to search: despair, believe that things are terrible, and they're never going to improve -- implications, believe that there's nothing that you can do about it: recent social isolation; and a loss of interest in life.
I came up with this talk just a couple of days ago, and I got an email of a lady, and I'd like to read your letter.
She lost his son on January 19, this year, and he wrote this email just a couple of days ago, and it's with his permission and blessing that I read it.
\" Hello, Kevin . I think you're at the TED conference.
It must be a whole experience to be there.
I'm thinking I should go to the bridge this weekend.
I just wanted to leave a note.
I hope you can tell a lot of people and go home talking about it to your friends who tell your friends, etc.
I'm still pretty numb, but I'm noticing more moments to really realize that Mike won't go home.
Mike was driving from Pittsburgh to San Francisco to see the party of the 49 with her father on January 19th.
He never got there.
I called the Pittsburgh police, and I reported it as that night.
The next morning, two officers came to my house and informed me that Mike's car was down in the bridge.
One witness had seen it from the bridge at 5:45 in the afternoon.
Thank you very much for fighting for those who can be extremely weak to fight for themselves.
Who hasn't been before bad without suffering a real mental illness?
It should not be that easy to end with it.
My prayers are with your struggle.
The GG, the Golden Gate Bridge is supposed to be a passage through our beautiful bay, not a cemetery.
Good luck this week, Victor . ''
I can't imagine the value that she needed to go to the bridge and go the way that his son took that day, and also the value to go ahead.
I'd like to introduce you to a man who I mean with hope and value.
On March 11 , 2005, I responded to a radio call for a possible subject in the bridge of the bridge near the north tower.
I drove my nose on the sidewalk and I watched this man, Kevin Berkeley, standing on the sidewalk.
When I saw, I crossed the railing, and it stopped in that little tube that goes around the tower.
During the next hour and half, I heard like Kevin talked about its depression and despair.
Kevin decided to her account that day will come back on that lane and give life another opportunity.
When Kevin came back, I was happy.
This is a new beginning, a new life . ''
But I asked her,``What did it make you back and you give it hope and life another opportunity? ''
And you know what he told me?
He said,``I hear.
You let me talk and just listen . ''
Shortly after that incident, I got a letter from Kevin's mother, and I have that letter with me, and I'd like to read you.
\" Dear Mr. Brigades, nothing erase the events of March 11, and you are one of the reasons why Kevin follows with us.
And honestly, I think that Kevin was crying for help.
It's been diagnosed with a mental illness for which it has been properly medicine.
I adopted Kevin when I only had six months, completely unconscious of all of those heroic traits, but thank God, we now know.
Kevin is in order, as he says.
We give God for you.
And in debt with you, Nature Bertie . ''
And at the end, she writes,``PH . When I visited the General Hospital in San Francisco that night, you would figure out how the patient.
\" Wow, I had to solve it! ''
Currently, Kevin is an active father and active members of society.
He speaks openly about the events of that day and her depression with hope that his story inspired others.
suicide is not just something that I've found at work.
It's personal.
My grandfather stands up with poison.
That act, despite finishing its own pain, I stole the opportunity to know it.
This is what suicide does.
For most suicide people, or those who consider suicide, they wouldn't think of encouraging another person.
They just want their own pain to go.
Usually, this is achieved only in three ways: sleep, drugs or alcohol or death.
In my career, I've responded, and I've been involved in hundreds of mental illnesses and suicide calls around the bridge.
Of those incidents I've been directly involved in, I've only lost two, but those two are too much.
One was Jason.
The other was a man who talked about an hour.
During that time, I raised my hand at three times.
In the final squeeze, he looked at me, and he said,``Kevin, I feel it, but I have to go . ''
And he jumped.
Horrible, absolutely horrible.
I want to tell you, though, that the vast majority of people that we get to contact in that bridge do not suicide.
In addition, those few people who have jumped from the bridge and live, and that you can talk about it, that one or two percent, most of those people have said that the second one, they realized that they had made a mistake and they wanted to live.
I tell people, the bridge doesn't just connect Mary with San Francisco, but also people.
That connection, or bridges that we do, is something that everyone and every one of us should strive to do.
suicide can be prevented.
There is help . There's hope.
Thank you very much.
The world makes whatever you're not, but in your interior you know what you are, and one question marks you: How do you become that?
I should be something unique in that sense, but I'm not alone, I'm not alone.
When I became a model, I felt that I'd finally achieved the dream that I had ever had a child.
My foreign finally agreed with my inner truth, with my inner self.
By complicated reasons, which I'm going to refer later, when I look at this picture, I think,``Well, Google, you get it, you get it.
But the past October, I found that, barely, I'm starting.
To all of our families, our religion, our society, our moment in history, even our bodies.
Some of them have the value of liberation, to get rid of the limitations of the skin color or the beliefs of the people who surround us.
They're people who always defy the status quo, what's considered accepted.
In my case, the last nine years, many of my neighbors, many of my friends, my agent even ignored my story.
I think this puzzle is called revelation.
This is mine.
I was recorded as``child"by birth because of the appearance of my genitals.
I remember my five years in the Philippines, in my house, I always wore this t-shirt in your head.
And my mom asked me,``Why do you always take that t-shirt in your head? ''
I said,``Mom, it's my hair . I'm a girl . ''
I knew then how to figure out.
The gender has always considered an unchanging fact, but now we know that, really, it's more complex and mysterious.
Because of my success, I never dared to share my story, not because I thought I'm going to be bad, but how the world is dealing with those of us who want to release.
Every day I appreciate being a woman.
I have Mom, Dad and a family accepted as I am.
Many are not so fortunate.
There's a long tradition in Asia culture that celebrates the mystery of gender.
There's a Buddhist goddess of compassion.
There's a Hindu god, the hungers goddess.
And when I was eight, I was at a party in Los Philippines that celebrated these mysteries.
I was in front of the stage and remember that this beautiful woman appeared to me, and I remember that moment as if something hit me: This is the kind of woman I wanted to be.
And when I was 15, when I still wore a man, I met this woman called Tun.
It's the principal of a control beauty.
That night she asked me,``Why haven't you been involved in the beauty of beauty? ''
He told me that if I participated her, she would fit out of the institutions and the costume spending, and that night, he won in the bathroom, won in a gallery suit and got third funding between over 40 candidates.
That moment changed my life.
Suddenly, I was inside the world of beauty.
Not a lot of people can say that their first job was from beauty of transcript women, but I can.
I also met the graduate goddess, especially when we traveled to remote provinces from the Philippines.
But more importantly than all that, I met my best friends from that community.
In 2001, my mom, who had moved to San Francisco, called me and told me that they passed my green card application that could go to the United States.
It resisted me.
I told my mother,``Mommy, I'm fun.
I'm here with friends, I like to travel and be a beauty queen . ''
But then two weeks later, he called me and said,``You know, if you moved to America, you can change the name and the identity of gender? ''
It was all I needed to hear.
My mom suggested that I put two``and"to my name.
She also accompanied me when I'm operating in Thailand at the age of 19.
It's curious that in some of the most rural cities in Thailand, perform the most prestigious, sophisticated and secure surgery.
At the time in the United States, it was necessary to make surgery before we changed the name and gender.
So in 2001, I went to San Francisco, and I remember looking at the driving license with the name of George and the``F"of female gender.
It was a great moment.
For some people, their identity document means being able to drive or be able to get a swallowed, but for me it was the license to live, to feel dignified.
Suddenly, my fears were minimumed.
I felt that I could conquer my dream and move to New York, and being model.
Many are not so fortunate.
I think of this woman of Man Netzarisms.
A young woman from New York who brave her truth, but he was disabled, he ended up his life.
For many of my community, that's the reality that they live.
Our suicide rates are eight times higher than the rest of the population.
Every 20 of November we make a global surveillance for the Dancer Day.
I'm on this stage thanks to a long story of people who fight and stood up to injustice.
These are Marshall P. Johnson and Sylvia River.
Today, right now, I'm coming out of the closet.
I can't keep living my truth alone and just for me.
I want to do the best to help others live their truth without shame, no fear.
I'm here, exposing, so that someday no more surveillance in November 20.
My deepest truth led me to accept what I am.
Do you do it?
Thank you very much.
Thank you, thank you, thank you . Kathryn Schulz: Germany, a quick question.
George Rock: Sure . You'll see, first, thank all my blessings.
To my support network, my parents especially, to my family, which is very strong.
I remember all the times I've attended young women, that I've been oriented, and sometimes, when they called me and told me that their parents couldn't accept it, I took the phone, he called my mom and said,``Mommy, can you call this woman? ''
Sometimes it worked, others not . It's just identity of gender, that's what's at the center of what we are, right?
I mean, we're all assigned by a gender in birth, and what I try to do is put on the table, the theme that sometimes that assistance doesn't block, and there should be a space that allowed people to engage, and this is a conversation that we should have with parents, with colleagues.
The transgender movement is starting compared to gay motion.
There's still a lot of work to do.
It should have understood.
There should be space for curiosity and to ask questions, and I hope you all are my allies.
KS: Thank you . Very nice . Green: Thank you.
In many patriarchal and tribal societies, parents are usually known for their children, but I'm one of the few parents who are known for their daughter and I'm proud of it.
Malawi started his campaign for education defending his rights in 2007, and when their efforts were horrified in 2011, when the National Prize National Prize was taken, it became very famous, a very popular girl in his country.
Before that, I was my daughter, but now I'm his father.
Ladies and gentlemen, if we look at the history of humanity, the history of women is the history of injustice, inequality, violence and exploitation.
You see, in patriarchal societies, right from the beginning, when you're born a child, your birth is born.
It's not welcome, not by his father, not by his mother.
The neighborhood comes, he gives her conditions to mother and nobody happy to the father.
And a mother gets very overwhelmed by having a child.
When it gives birth to the first child, the first daughter, he gets sad.
When you give birth to the second daughter, it goes down, and with a child's hope, when you assemble your third daughter, you feel guilty as a criminal.
Not just the mother suffers, but the daughter . The newly born daughter, when he grows, he suffers as well.
At the age of five years, when he should go to school, she stays home and school admit to his siblings.
Until 12 years, somehow, it has a good life.
It can be fun.
You can play with your friends on the street, and you can move through the streets as a butterfly.
But when you go into adolescence, when you're 13 years old, you're banned to go out of your house without a male apartment.
He's confined to four walls of his house.
It's no longer a free person.
It turns into the honor call of his father and his brothers and his family, and if he trains the code of that honor, he could even kill.
And it's interesting that this code of honor, not just affect the life of a girl, also affects the lives of male male members.
So this brother, he sacrifice the joy of his life and happiness of her sisters in behalf of honor.
And there is a norm more than the patriarchal societies called obesity.
A good girl must be very quiet, very humble and very sum.
It's the criterion.
The model of a good girl must be quiet.
It's supposed to be quiet and accepts your father's decisions and your mother and the decisions of the elderly, even if you don't want.
If you marry it with a man who doesn't like it or if you marry it with an old man, it has to accept it, because it doesn't want to be skilled.
If the very young house, it has to accept it.
Otherwise, they'll call it despair.
And what happens at the end?
In the words of a poet,``The house, the commission, and then give birth to more children and daughters . ''
And the irony of the situation is that this mother, he rings the same lesson to his daughter and the same lesson of honor to his children.
And this vicious circle continues and continues.
dear brothers and sisters, when Malawi was born, and for the first time, believe me, I don't like the newborns, to be honest, but when I was there and looked at her eyes, I felt extremely honored.
And long before I was born, I thought of her name, and she was fascinated with a legendary legendary free in Afghanistan.
His name was Mauri of Washington, and I called my daughter like that.
But when I looked, they were all men, and I grabbed my pen, and I brought a line of my name, and I wrote,``Bad . ''
And when she grew up, when she was four and a half years old, I admit it in my school.
You wonder, why should I mention a child's admission in a school?
Yes, I should mention it.
You can give it for granted in Canada, in the United States, in many developed countries, but in poor countries, in the patriarchal societies, in tribal societies, is a great event for child's life.
In a school, it means the recognition of your identity and your name.
An admiration to school means that he has entered the world of dreams and aspirations where he can explore their potential for their future life.
I've got five sisters, and none of them could go to school, and they would be surprised, two weeks earlier, when they did the Canadian bombsight form, and was in the relative part of the family, I couldn't remember the sports of some of my sisters.
And the reason I had never seen my sisters's names written in any document.
That was the reason I value my daughter.
What my father could not give my sisters or their daughters, thought I had to change it.
I used to appreciate the intelligence and the sacrifice of my daughter.
I encouraged her to sit with me when my friends came to me.
I encouraged it to go with me to different meetings.
And all these values, I've tried to put into their personality.
And this was not just for her, just for Malawi.
I've moved all these good values in my school to girls and children alike.
He used education for emancipation.
I teach my daughters, taught students, to forget the lesson of obesity.
I taught students to forget the lesson of the Secretary call.
brothers and sisters, we struggled for more rights for women, and we fought to have more and more space for women in society.
But we found a new phenomenon.
It was lethal for human rights and, in particular, for women's rights.
It was called Taliban.
That means a complete denial of women's participation in all political, economic and social activities.
Hundreds of schools were lost.
The girls were banned to go to school.
Women were forced to use candles and stopped going to markets.
The musicians were silenced, the slower girls and the killed singers.
There were millions, but few spoke, and it was terrifying to have these people who kill and suck when you talk about your rights.
It's really scary.
At the age of 10, Malawi got up and lifted on the right to education.
He wrote a newspaper for the BBC blog, he offered himself for the New York Times documentary, and he spoke on every platform that he could.
And his voice was the most powerful voice.
It was spread like a clarity around the world.
And that was the reason that the Taliban couldn't tolerate their campaign, and the ninth of October 2012, they shot into the head.
It was a fateful day for my family and for me.
The world became a big black hole.
Whereas my daughter was discussing between life and death, I whispered my wife to my wife,``Should I blame my daughter, my daughter? ''
And he immediately said,``Please don't blame you.
It defines the right cause.
I put your life in play for the cause of truth, for the cause of peace, and because of the cause of education, and your daughter inspired in you and joined you.
Both were on the right path and God protect it . ''
These few words meant a lot to me, and I didn't ask again.
When Malawi was in the hospital, and he had severe pains and strong headaches because his facial nerve was cut, I used to see a dark shadow that stretches down my wife's face.
But my daughter never complained.
I used to say,``I'm right with my stranger smile and my face in my face.
I'm going to get good . Please don't worry . ''
It was a meeting for us, and we were pleased.
brothers and sisters, we've learned from it how to resist in the hardest moments, and I'm pleased to share with you that despite being an icon for children's rights and women, it's like any 16 year-old girl.
He cried when his task doesn't end.
It fights with your siblings, and I'm very happy for that.
People ask me,``What about special in my tutor that has done so bold to Malawi, expressive and economics? ''
I say, don't ask me what I did.
Ask what I didn't do.
It doesn't cut their wings and that's all.
Thank you very much.
Thank you . Thank you very much . Thank you.
I was operated from the brain 18 years ago, and since that day, the science of the brain has become a personal passion.
I'm engineering.
And I want to tell you that I've recently joined the Mozart group of Google, where I've had a split to my office -- the Google Viscorpit visualization division, but all the work I'll talk about today about the science of the brain, I did it before I joined Google or outside my work there.
Having said this, there's a stigma when you get to a brain operation.
You're still just like smart or not?
If you won't, you can be smart?
After neurosurgery, I was missing a part of the brain, and I had to live with it.
It was not the gray matter, but it was the dead part of the center that creates important hormones and neurotransmitters.
Immediately after the operation, I had to decide how much I would take, more than a dozen chemicals every day, because if I didn't take anything, I would die in a few hours.
Every day, for the last 18 years, I've had to decide about combinations and chemicals, and try to get them, to keep life.
More than one time I've saved myself.
But luckily, I have an experimental soul, so I decided that I would experience to try to get the optimal doses because there really doesn't exist a clear map that I mean in detail.
I started testing with different mixes, and I was surprised by seeing how little changes in the doses changed dramatically, my sense of who I was, my way of thinking, my behavior with others.
A particularly impressive case: for a few months, I tried a typical dose and chemicals for a man in the 20s, and I was surprised by seeing how my thoughts changed.
I was always wrong, I thought all the time in sex, and I thought it was the smartest person around the world, and -- of course, many times in the past I've met several guys like this, or maybe some tuna versions.
Turns out as an extreme.
But my great surprise was that I wasn't trying to be arrogant.
In fact, I was trying, a lot of insecure, to fix a problem that was in front of, and just didn't happen.
So, I couldn't handle it.
It changed my dosage.
But I think that experience gave me a new appreciation about men and what they have to go through . Since then I get better with men.
What I tried to do, when we adjust those hormones and neurotransmitters and so on, was to regain my intelligence after disease and operation -- my creative thinking, my flow of ideas.
I tend to think almost always in images, and that became my key reference point: how do I get those mental images that I used to create prototypes, my ideas, if you want to?
This kind of thinking is not new.
Philosophers like humor, Descartes and Hobbes see things similar.
They thought that images and mental ideas were the same thing.
There are people who are questioning this idea, and there are a lot of arguments about how the mind works . To me is simple: for most of us, mental imagery are fundamental for creative thinking and invention.
So, after several years, I managed to find the right point, and I've got a lot of great mental mega-changs, really, very sophisticated and well structured.
Now, I'm working on how to take these mental images right from my mind to the computer screen.
Can you imagine what would happen if a movie director was able to use your imagination only to steer the world that you have in front?
Or if a musician could extract the music of your head?
There are incredible possibilities with this, as the way that creative people can get to share at the speed of light.
And the truth is, the only difficulty to do this is simply increase the resolution of our brain scanning systems.
Let me show you why I think we're pretty close to getting to this with two recent experiments made by two groups in neuroscience.
They both used MRI technology, image for functional magnetic resonance, to represent the brain, and you can see the brain scan made by Google Gands and his colleagues from Harvard.
The column on the left shows the scanning brain of a person who looks at a picture.
The middle column shows the brain scan of that same individual as you imagine, seeing that same image.
The column on the right is created by restoring the contents of the central column on the left.
This is repeated in many different individuals with many different images, always with a similar outcome.
The difference between seeing an image and imagine seeing that same image is almost zero-sum.
Now, let me share another experiment . This is from Jack Galab's lab in Berkeley, California.
They managed to convert the brain waves into recognition visual fields.
Let's put it like this.
In this experiment, it showed people hundreds of hours of YouTube videos while they were scanned their brains to create a great steel of brain reactions to video sequences.
Then, I showed you a film with new images, new people, new animals, and as long as a new scan was recorded.
The computer, using only the brain information of the scan described it to show what seemed that the person was watching.
On the right you can see the computers of the computer, and on the left, the video I showed you.
This blew us out.
We're right close to doing it.
We just need to improve the resolution.
And now, remember that when you see an image, and when you imagine that same image, it creates the brain the same map.
This was conducted with the brain scanning brain systems of the greatest resolution today, and their resolution was increased as a thousand times in the last few years.
Now we need to increase the resolution about a thousand times more to get a deeper look.
How do we do that?
There are many techniques to do that.
One is to open the skull and introduce electrodes.
I don't offer that.
Many are proposing new imaging techniques for images, even me . counting with the recent outcome of MRI, first we must ask ourselves the next thing, this technology will be the end of the path?
The conventional wisdom says that the only way to get greater resolution is with larger magnets, but at this point, larger magnets only offer small improvements in resolution, don't increase by thousands as we need.
I propose this idea: instead of bigger magnets, we make better magnets.
We can create much more complex structures with slightly different arrangements, like making a spiral.
And why does this care?
In the last few years, a huge amount of effort at MRI were to actually make big magnets, right?
However, most recent breakthroughs in the research of resourceful and brilliant solutions in coding and decline, in the protests and recessions of Friday radio frequencies in MRI systems.
At the same time, instead of a uniform magnetic field, we use structured magnetic patterns attached to the Friday radio frequencies.
So by combining magnetic patterns with the patterns of the FMR radio processing processing, we can increase the information that you can extract in a single scan.
Also, we can then divide our growing knowledge about the structure of brain and memory to create the increase in the thousands that we need.
By using the fMRI, we should be able to measure not just the flow of oxygenated blood, but the of the hormones and neurotransmitters that I've mentioned and maybe even the direct neural activity . This is sleep.
We will be able to fly our ideas directly to digital media.
Can you imagine if we could go through the language and communicate directly through thinking?
What would we be capable of?
And how do we learn to deal with the truths of human thinking without filter?
You thought the Internet is a big thing.
These are big questions.
It would be irresistible to use it as a tool to amplify our skills of thinking and communication.
Certainly, this same tool could lead to the cure of Alzheimer's and diseases.
We have a few more options than open this door.
Anyway, choose a year, will happen in five or 15 years?
It's hard to imagine that I'm going to take a lot more.
We have to learn how to give this step together.
Thank you.
I'll talk to you tonight about coming out of the closet, and not in a traditional sense, not just the gay closet.
I think we all have weapons.
Their closet may be to tell some person for the first time that I love it or tell someone who's pregnant, or tell someone who has cancer, or any other difficult conversation that you've had in life.
Every single closet is a difficult conversation, and even though our issues can vary tremendously, the experience of having lived and have come out of that closet is universal.
It's scary, and we don't like it, and it must happen.
Many years ago, I was working at the South Side Walk Collage, a restaurant in the city, and being there, I had to go through several stages from the intensity of the college of the music, I won't shake my armpits, quote the letters of Ann Di France as a letter.
And I'm going to be aware that by the color of my short pants, and for me to shave my head recently, I would ask myself a little boy,``Hey, are you guys or girl? ''
And there's an awkward silence on the table.
I would take my jaw a little bit more, I would take my coffee with a rainforest.
And the father would possibly throw the newspaper, and the mother would throw a cold look at his son.
But I would say nothing, and it would be survived.
And I got to the point that every time I went to a place where there was a child between three and 10 years, I was ready to fight.
And that's a terrible feeling.
So I promised that next time I would say something.
It would have that difficult conversation.
So after a few weeks, it happened again.
\" Are you a kid or a girl? ''
A family silence, but this time was prepared and was about to get into the female affairs on the table . I had Betty Friedman quote.
The Gloria Steinem quote.
Even a fan of the Vagina Monaes, I would show.
And then I breathe a lot and I went down, and my backs a four-year-old girl with a pink dress, looking at what is not a challenge for a feminist dodo, just a girl with a question,``Are you guys or girl? ''
And so I'd breathe again, I put out of tears near her, and I said,``Hey, I know this is something confusing.
I have the short hair like a kid, and I see boy clothes, but I'm a girl, and you know, as you like to use a pink dress, and sometimes you like to use a comfortable pajamas.
Well, I'm more than the kind of girl of a comfortable pajamas . ''
And that little girl looked at me, paying attention, and he said,``My favorite pajamas is purple and has a fish.
Can you give me a swamp, please? ''
And that was all . Just``Oh, OK. You're a girl.
What about the speaker that I asked? ''
It was the most easy conversation of everyone ever had.
Why? Because the speaker girl and I, both, we were honest with each other.
As many of us, I've lived in some closet in my life, and yes, often, my walls used to be a rainbow.
But within the darkness, you can't know what color the walls are.
You just know how one feels to live in a closet.
That's how my closet is not different than yours or yours or yours.
Surely, I'll give you 100 reasons why out of my closet was harder than coming out of your closet, but this is the issue: The difficult thing is not relative.
The difficult thing is hard.
Who can tell you to explain to someone who has declared them in a broken bank is harder than saying that it's been fooled?
Who can tell me that this story to tell you is more difficult than telling your five-year-old son that you go to divorce?
There's no more difficult, there's only the hard thing.
We need to stop challenging what's difficult to us with respect to what's difficult for another person to make us feel better or worse relative to our closet and we should just feel empathy because we all live hard.
At some point in our lives, we all live in weapons, and you might make security, or at least more security than the other side of the door.
But I'm here to tell you that no matter what their walls are made, a closet is not a place to live.
Thank you . Imagine yourself 20 years ago.
I, I had a horse tail, a dress and shot shoes.
It was not the military lesbian prepared to fight any four year-old child to go into coffee.
I was frozen by fear, structured in a corner of my dark closet pushing my gay fat, and moving only a muscle is the most scary thing that ever has ever done.
My family, my friends, full strangers that I've spent my entire life trying not to disappoint them, and now the world turned back to purpose.
I was burning the pages of a script that we've all followed for so long, but if you don't throw that degree, you'll kill you.
One of my most memorable laundry launches was on my sister's wedding.
It was the first time that many among the guests knew that it was gay, and when I do my honor ladies, in my black dress and tanks, I walked around the tables and finally came to one where my parents were, people who met me years ago.
And after speaking a moment, one of the women shouted,``I love Nathan wool! ''
And the battle of the gay story had started.
\" Um, ever got in the Castro? ''
\" Well, yes, the truth is that we have friends in San Francisco . ''
\" Well, we've never been there, but we've heard that it's fabulous . ''
\" Um, you know my American statistics?
It's very good, and it's never talked about having girlfriend . ''
\" Um, what is your favorite TV show?
Our favorite program? Will and Grace.
And you know who we love? Jack.
Jack is our favorite . ''
And then a woman, disappeared, but in waiting to desperately show her support, to make me know that she was on my side, finally said,``Well, sometimes my husband uses pink shirts . ''
And I had an opportunity at that point, as you have all the winners.
Surely, it might have been easy to indicate where they felt.
It's not very difficult to find them and realize the fact that they were failing.
And what else can you ask someone, but will you be working?
If you're going to be authentic with someone, you have to be prepared for how authentic you get.
It's kind of like the hard conversations continue without being my strong point.
Ask anyone that I've been out with.
But I'm getting better, and I follow what I like to call the three principles of the Packard Children.
Now, please look at this through gay perspective, but they understand that what it involves out of any closet is essentially the same.
Number one: Be authentic.
Take the armor . Be yourself.
That little girl in coffee had no armor, but I was ready for battle.
If you want somebody to be genuine, others should know that we also suffer.
Number two: Be straightforward . Just tell it . Turn your patches.
If you know you're gay, tell it.
If you say to your parents that maybe they might be gay, they will keep the hope that that could change.
They don't give them a sense of false hope.
And number three, and most important -- leave the complex.
You communicate their truth.
They're never apologize for that.
And some of them can come out secure, sorry for what they've done, but they never apologize for what they are.
And yes, maybe some of you will feel disappointed, but something in them, not you.
Those are the expectations of them about what you are, but not your own.
That's the story of them, but not you.
The only story that matters is the one that you want to write.
So next time you find in a dark dark, you have to know that we've all been there before.
And you may feel very lonely, but they're not.
Thank you, Boulder . Enjoy the candle.
Intelligence, what is that?
If we look at the story of how intelligence has been seen, a productive example has been the famous quotation of Edward Dishestered that``The question of whether a machine can think is as interesting as the question of whether a submarine can swim . ''
When Edward Dishes wrote this, he did this as a critic to computer pioneers like Alan Turing.
And so a few years ago, I started a program to try to understand the fundamental physical mechanisms underlying the intelligence.
Let's go back a step.
Let's first start with a mental experiment.
Imagine that you're from an alien race, you don't know anything about the biology of the Earth or the neuroscience of the Earth or the intelligence of the Earth, but you have incredible telescopes and you can look at the Earth, and you have incredibly long lives, so you can look at the Earth for millions, even billions of years.
And you see a very strange effect.
Of course, as terrorists, we know that the reason we're trying to save ourselves.
We're trying to avoid an impact.
But if you're from an alien race that you don't know about this, which has no concept of the Earth's intelligence, you would be forced to develop a physical theory that would explain how, until a certain time in time, the asteroids that destroy the surface of a very distinctive planet stop doing it.
And so I claim that this is the same question as to understand the physical nature of intelligence.
So in this program that I did several years ago, I analyzed a variety of issues through science, through various disciplines, that they were going on, I think, to a single underlying mechanism of intelligence.
In cosmology, for example, there has been a variety of evidence that our universe seems to be finally driven for the development of intelligence, and in particular for development of universal states that maximize the diversity of possible future.
Finally, in the robotic movement planning, there has been a recent variety of recent techniques that have tried to harness the skills of the robots to maximize the future freedom of action in order to perform complex tasks.
And so, taking all these different issues and putting them together, asked, for a number of years, is there a underlying mechanism for the intelligence that we can extract from all these different issues?
Is there just an equation for intelligence?
And I think the answer is . What you're looking at is probably the closest equivalent to a E = B = for the intelligence I've seen.
So what you're seeing here is a statement that intelligence is a force, F, that acts in order to maximize the future freedom of action.
It acts to maximize the future freedom of action, or keeping the open options, with a force, with the diversity of possible future, yes, to an impending future time, so.
In a nutshell, the intelligence doesn't like to stay caught.
The intelligence tries to maximize the future freedom of action and maintain open options.
And so, having in account this equation, it's natural to ask: What can you do with this?
How predictive is it?
Does it predict the level of human intelligence?
Does it predict artificial intelligence?
So I'm going to show you now a video that I think, to show some of the surprising applications of this simple equation.
Narrator: recent research in cosmology have suggested that the universes that produce more disorder, or``entropy ,"in their life should have trend to more favorable conditions for the existence of intelligent beings like us.
But what if that consuming technological connection between entropy and intelligence is a deeper relationship?
What happens if intelligent behavior is not only correlated with the production of long-term entropy, but actually comes directly from it?
To figure out, we've developed a software engine called Ethiopia, designed to maximize the production of long-term entropy in any system where it finds within.
Surprisingly, Ethiopia could spend multiple animal intelligence testing, play games of humans, and even make money trading actions, all of that without being told to do that.
Here are some examples of Ethiopia in action.
Just like a foot of foot without falling down, here we see Ethiopia balancing automatically a pole using a cart.
This behavior is remarkable in part because we never gave it to Ethiopia a goal.
He just decided to be able to balance the pole.
This ability of balance will have applications for human robotics and human assistance technologies.
This ability to use tools will have applications in intelligent manufacturing and agriculture.
In addition, just like some other animals can cooperate from extremes of a rope at the same time to release food, here we see that Ethiopia can perform a model of the model of that task.
This ability of cooperation has interesting consequences for economic planning and in a variety of other fields.
Ethiopia is widely applicable to a variety of domains.
For example, here we see it successfully playing a game for itself, illustration its potential for play.
So here we see Ethiopia order new connections in a social network where friends are constantly disconnected and keep the network well connected.
This same network of network orchestras also has applications in health care, in energy and intelligence.
So here we see Ethiopia organizing the routes of a ship fleet, discovering successfully and using the Panama Canal to expand the world, its reach from the Atlantic to the Pacific.
In the same way, Ethiopia is widely applicable to problems in autonomous defense, logistics and transportation.
Finally, here we see Ethiopia spontaneously discover and execute a strategy, verbal strategy in a simulated series of action negotiation, successfully increasing assets under its exponentially management.
This skill management ability to have broad applications in finance and insurance.
Alex Muslims: What you've seen is that a variety of branches of human cognitive human behaviors such as the use of tools, walking upright and social cooperation, all derived from one equation, which leads to a system to maximize its freedom freedom of action.
Now, here's a deep irony.
Let's go back at the beginning of the use of the term, the``Russell"-- there was always the concept that if we developed intelligent machines, there would be a cyber rebellion.
The machines would rise against us.
One of the biggest consequences of this work is that maybe all of these decades, we've had all the concept of cyber rebellion to reverse.
It's not that machine first become intelligent and then megaces and trying to support the world.
It's all the opposite, that the impulse of taking control of all possible future is a more fundamental principle than the general intelligence, that general intelligence can actually arise directly from taking control, rather than being backwards.
Another important consequence is the pursuit of the target.
And I'm often asked,``How do you look for goals from this kind of framework? ''
My equivalent to that statement to go to the descendants to help them build artificial intelligence or to help them understand human intelligence, is this: The intelligence must be seen as a physical process that tries to maximize the future freedom of action and avoid restrictions in its own future.
Thank you very much.
We're at a point of inflection in human history, something between the conquest of stars and losing the planet we call home.
Even though, in the last few years, we've expanded our knowledge of how the Earth is taken in the context of the universe.
NASA's Kepler mission has discovered thousands of possible planets that orbit around other stars, which points that the Earth is only one between the billions of planets of our galaxy.
Kepler is a space telescope that measures the luminous intensity of stars when planets go through them, and blocking a little bit of that light that gets us.
The data collected by Kepler show the sizes of the planets besides the distance that there are between them and their mother star.
In conjunction, this helps us understand whether these planets are small and rocks like the terrestrial planets of our solar system, and also the amount of light they get from their sun.
In turn, this gives you clues about whether these planets we find are habitable or not.
Unfortunately, as we're finding this treasure of potentially livable worlds, our own planet is driving under the weight of humanity.
The year 2014 was the hottest record.
Glamorous glaciers and ice ice that have been with us from millennia now are disappearing in a matter of decades.
These environmental changes that we've caused to global scale have very quickly overcome our ability to alter their course.
But I'm not a climate scientist, I'm not an astronomer.
I study the ability of the planet influenced by stars, with the hope of finding places in the universe where to discover life beyond our planet.
You could say that I look for alien opportunities in the immoral sector.
Now, as a very interested search for life in the universe, I can tell you that the more we look for planets similar to Earth, more enjoy our own planet.
Each of these new worlds invites a comparison between the newly unknown planet and planets that we know better: the ones in our solar system.
Take our neighbor, Mars.
Mars is small and rock, and even though it's a little further from the sun, it can be considered a potentially livable world showing this by a mission like Kepler.
In fact, it's possible that Mars has been habitable in the past and, in part, that's why we studied so much to Mars.
Our Rovers like``Curiosity"trace their surface into the origins of life as we know it.
The satellites that orbit it, like the MBI mission, take samples of the Martian atmosphere, and try to understand how Mars has been able to lose their ability.
The private companies now offer not only short space flights but also the ability to live on Mars.
But even though all these marine images remind us of the deserts of our planet, places that are linked in our imagination with the cutting-edge and pioneer ideas, compared to Earth, Mars is a pretty terrible place to live.
Let's take the expanse of the desert areas of our planet that still remain to colonize, really excited places compared to Mars.
Even in the most dry and most elevated places on Earth, the air is fresh and full of oxygen exploding by our tropical forests to thousands of miles away.
I'm worried that this excitement by the colonization of Mars and other planets draws with a big, sad shadow: the implications and the belief of some that Mars will wait there to save us from this inflational altruist of the only planet that we know is truly livable, the Earth.
For a lot of that I like the interesting exploration, I'm in deep disagreement with this idea.
There are a lot of good reasons to go to Mars, but say that Mars will be there to save humanity is like imagine that the Titanic captain will tell us that the party of the Titanic will tell you that the party is going to get place later in the wild boats . Thank you.
But the goals for international exploration and terrestrial preservation don't control.
No, they're actually faces of the same coin: the goal of understanding, preserving and improve life in the future.
The extreme environments present in our world are like alien landscape.
It's closer to home.
If we can understand how to create and maintain habitable spaces, in hostile areas and inflations on Earth, maybe we can satisfy the need to preserve our environment and go beyond that.
I leave you with a mental experiment: Fermi's paradox.
Many years ago, the physicist Enrico Fermi asked,``considering that our universe has existed for a long time, and we hope that there were many planets in this universe, we should have found the evidence of extraterrestrial life so far.
Well, where are they?
Well, a possible solution to Fermi's paradox is that when civilizations become advanced enough to consider to live between the stars, they lose the notion of how important it is to protect the origin of planets that drive this development.
It's arrogant to think that only international colonization will save us from ourselves, but planetary preservation and international exploration can work together.
If we really believe in our ability to join the hostile environments of Mars for the human presence, then we should be able to overcome the more easy task to preserve the ability on Earth.
Thank you.
A few years ago, I took my own house.
And as I was on the front porch looking at my pockets, I realized that I didn't have the keys.
In fact, I could see by the window that they were at the dining table, where I'd left them.
So quickly, I tried to open all the other doors and windows, and they were all right.
I thought to call a refrigerator, at least I had my cell phone, but at the midnight, a refrigerator could take a long time to get, and it was cold.
I couldn't go home from my friend of Jeff to spend night because he had an early flight to Europe morning, and I practiced my passport and my suitcase.
It's expensive to be expensive, but I sure not more expensive than a cell to a half night, so I thought, that despite the circumstances, it was right.
I'm a neuroscientist of profession and I know a little bit about how the brain works under stress.
Cortex releases that increases heart rate, model the levels of adrenaline and cloud.
And when I got to the training show in the airport, I realized that I didn't have my passport.
Well, I had a long time to think about those eight hours without sleep.
And I started wondering, if there was something that could do, systems that I could put in place, that prevent bad things.
Or at least, if bad things happen, that minimize the likelihood of being a total catastrophe.
So I started thinking about that, but to a month later, my thoughts didn't write.
I was dinner with my colleague Danny Kanza, the Nobel Prize winner, and a little bit embarrassed told him I broke the window, and that I had forgotten my passport, and Danny shared me that he had been practicing something called prospective hindsight.
It's something he had learned from psychologist Gary Klein, who had written about this a few years earlier, known as the premise.
You all know what the dessert is.
Every time there's a disaster, a team of experts comes and try to figure out what went wrong, yeah?
In the premise, as Danny explained, you look forward and try to figure out all the things that could go wrong, next, try to figure out what it can do to prevent things happen or to minimize the damage.
So what I want to talk about with you is some of the things we can do in the form of a prize.
Some of them are evident, others are not so obvious.
I'm going to start with the obvious.
In the house, I'll draw a place for the things that are easily lost.
This sounds of common sense and it is, but there's a lot of science that supports this thesis, based on how our space memory works.
There's a structure in the brain called hippocampus, which has evolved over thousands of years, to make a follow-up of the things that are important, where it's good, where the fish are, which is located the fruit trees, where you live the tribes and enemies.
The hippocampus is the part of the brain that's going on in the Ladson of London.
It's the part of the brain that allows squirrels to find their nuts.
And if you ask if somebody really did the experiment, they cut the smell of the squirrels, and yet they could find their nuts.
They didn't use smell, but the hippocampus, that very evolved mechanism of the brain to find things.
But it's really good for things that don't move much, not so good for things that move a lot.
This is the reason for losing cars, reading glasses and passports.
So at home, you get a place for keys, a hook along the door, maybe a decorative plate.
For your passport, a particular box.
For their reading glasses, a particular table.
If you give up a place and you're crazy with it, your things will always be there when you look for it.
What about travel?
Take the cell phone a picture of your credit card, driving, passports, send it by mail to yourself to be in the cloud.
If these things are lost or stolen, it can facilitate sustainability.
These are some of the most obvious things.
Remember, when you're under stress, your brain releases cortisol.
The cortisol is toxic and interactive thinking.
So part of the reward is to recognize that under stress, we won't be at the best, and you have to put the systems on its site.
And there's perhaps no more stressful situation than when you face a medical decision.
And at some point, we're all going to be in that situation, to have to make a very important decision about the future of our medical care or a loved being, to help them with a decision.
And so I want to talk about that.
And talk about a very particular medical approach.
But this has been introduced as a profession for all of medical decisions, and in fact for financial decisions and social decisions, any kind of decision that you have to take from which you benefit a rational assessment of facts.
So let's suppose you go to the doctor and the doctor says,``I've received the lab of the lab and the cholesterol is a little high . ''
You all know that high cholesterol is associated with a greater risk of cardiovascular diseases, heart attack, brain spill.
So you're thinking that having the high cholesterol is not the best, then the doctor says,``I'd like to remind you a drug that will help you reduce cholesterol, a state . ''
And maybe you've already heard of the status, and you know that it's one of the most prescribed drugs in the world today . It's even likely to meet people who take them.
So you think,``Yes, I remember the state! ''
But there's a question that you should do then, a statistic that's supposed to ask that most physicians don't want to talk, and the pharmaceutical companies even less.
It's for NASA, the number needed to treat.
What is this, the NIH?
It's the number of people who have to take a drug or take a surgery in any medical procedure before you help a person.
And you have to think about what kind of distributed statistics is that?
The number must be one.
My doctor would not remind me something if it wasn't to help me.
But actually, medical practice doesn't work like this.
And it's not the fault of the doctor, and if it's someone's fault, it's from scientists like me.
We haven't understood very well the underlying mechanisms.
But the Mission estimates that 90 percent of drugs work only from 30 to 50 percent of people.
So the number necessary to treat the most widely prescribed state, what do you think it is?
How many people have to take them before they help a person?
300.
This according to the research of civil researchers Jerry Group and Pamela Marica, confirmed independently by Bloomberg.
I myself explore numbers.
300 people have to take the drug for a year before avoiding a single heart attack, stroke brain or another adverse event.
Now maybe you think,``Well, one probability in 300 of my cholesterol.
Why not, doctor? Give me the recipe anyway . ''
But then you've got to ask for one more statistics, and it's,``Hello of secondary effects ."Yes?
For this particular drug, secondary effects occur in five percent of patients.
And those include terrible things: debilitating muscle pain and articulate pain, spring pain, but now they think,``Five percent is not very likely to go to me, still take medicine . ''
But a moment.
Remember that under stress, they don't think of clarity.
So, think of how to take this over time, so you don't have to make the reasoning chain in the act.
300 people take the drug, no? A, a person has helped him, five percent of the 300 has side effects, that's 15 people.
You have 15 times more likely to go out of the drug that you help you.
I don't say they should or not take the state.
I just say you must have this conversation with your doctor.
Medical ethics requires it, it's part of the informed consent principle.
We have access to this kind of information to start the conversation about whether you want to take risks or not.
You might be thinking that I've launched this number in the air for the value of the crash, but actually this number needs to treat it is pretty typical.
For the surgery that is done in the older men of 50, spread of prostate for cancer, the number necessary to treat is about 49.
That's what it is , 49 surgeries for one person who has helped.
And the side effects in that case, they occur in 50 percent of the patients.
Those include the implications or dysfunction, urinary incentives, recorded marketing, fecal incentives.
And if you're lucky, and it's one of that 50 percent of the effects just last a year or two.
So the idea of the reward is to think before time, the questions that you can think that you will push the conversation forward.
You don't have to make all this in the act.
And they also want to think about the quality of life.
Because you have a choice many times, you want a shorter life from pain, or a longer life than you could have a lot of pain to the end?
These are the things that they talk about and think about now, with their family and their loved ones.
You can change from opinion in the heat of the moment, but unless you're trained in this kind of thinking.
Remember, our brain releases low cortisol under stress, and one of the things that happens at that point is that you turn out a lot of systems.
There's an evolutionary reason for this.
Face to face with a predator, it doesn't need the digestive system, or the liberty or the immune system, because if the body is spending the metabolism in those things, it doesn't react to fast . You might be the lunch of lions, so none of that matters.
Unfortunately, one of the things that goes through the window during those moments of stress is rational logical thinking, like Danny Kangari and his colleagues have shown.
So we have to train to think about the future to these kinds of situations.
I think the important thing here is to recognize that we are all flawed.
We're all going to fail every day.
The idea is to think about the future how those failures might be, to put the systems in the place that will help you minimize damage, or to prevent the bad things happen in the first place.
Rendering the night night in Montreal, when I came back from my journey, my contractor installed me a combination of combination along the door, with a key door of entry in the same, an easy way to remember it.
And I have to admit that I still have lots of letters I haven't ordered, and lots of emails I haven't read.
So I'm not very organized, but I see the organization as a gradual process, and I'm doing it.
Thank you very much.
Interpreter: piano,``P"is my favorite musical symbol.
It means playing softly.
If you're playing a musical instrument and you see a``P"in the score, you need to play more softly.
Two pounds, even more gentle.
Four pounds, extremely smooth.
This is my drawing of a foot tree, and there you don't matter how many thousands and thousands of pounds can be, you can never get to a complete silence.
That's my current definition of silence: a very dark sound.
I'd like to share a little bit about the history of the American system of sign, the NSA, as well as a little bit of my own story.
The French signs language came over the 1930s, and over time, it mixed with local signs, and the language is developed as the language we know today.
So, it has a story about 200 years.
I was born deaf . And they taught me to believe that sound was not a part of my life.
And I thought it was true.
However, I realize that it's not true for nothing.
Sound are a very important part of my life, they're really in my mind every day.
As a deaf person who lives in a sound world, it's like I live in an foreign country, following their rules, and it's a blind, behaviors and norms without questioning them.
So how do I understand sound?
Well, I see how people behave and respond to sound.
People are like my speakers and amplify sound.
Learning and copied that behavior.
At the same time, I've learned that I can create sounds, and I've seen how people respond.
So I've learned, for example ...
\" Don't suck the door! ''
\" Don't do a lot of noise when you eat the potato bag . ''
\" Don't raise, and when you're eating, you make sure you're not going to stick the covers on the plate . ''
All of this I call it``sound tag . ''
Maybe I think of the sound label more than the average person does.
I'm super surveillance of sound.
And I'm always waiting with the sound, that it's about to come next.
Hence, this drawing.
TBP, by deciding.
TBP, for continuing.
TBP, by announce.
You can see that the plant doesn't have notes on the lines.
That's because the lines already contain sounds through subtle and stable foxes.
In the deaf culture, movement is equivalent to sound.
This is the sign for``presentation"in the AIMS.
A typical thinker has five lines.
However, to me, to make my thumb, that's not natural.
That's why in my drawings I just have four lines on the paper.
In 2008, I had the opportunity to travel to Berlin, Germany, for an artistic residence there.
Before this time, I had worked as a painter.
During this summer, I visited museums and spaces of different galleries, and as I went from one place to another, I realized that there was no visual art there.
At that point, the sound was the trend, and that called me the attention.
There was no visual art, everything was hearing.
Now the sound has entered my art territory.
Is it going to spread more from art?
I realized that it doesn't have to be that way.
In fact, I know the sound.
I know it so well that it's not just through the ears.
I can feel it in a tactile way, or experience it visually, or even as an idea.
So I decided to reclaim the ownership of sound and integrate it in my artistic practice.
And everything that had taught me in terms of sound, I decided to leave it and deploy it.
I started creating a new job.
And when I presented it to the artistic community, I was impressed with the amount of support and attention I received.
I realized that sound is like money, power, control: social currency.
At the bottom of my mind, I always felt that sound was oblivious, it was something of a listener person.
And sound is so powerful that well I could govern to me and my artistic work, or I could empower.
I chose I was empowered.
There's a massive culture around the spoken language.
And just because I don't use my literal voice to communicate, to the eyes of society is as if I didn't have a voice at all.
So I have to work with people who can support me from the same end and become my voice.
That way I'm able to be relevant in today's society.
So in school, at work and institutions, I work with many different performers from Asia.
And his voice becomes my voice and identity.
They help me to be heard.
And their voices have value and weight.
Ironically, when you ask for your voices, I'm able to keep a temporary form of value, just like taking a loan with a very high interest rate.
If you're not going to continue with this practice, I feel that it could be disappeared in oblivion and not have any kind of social value.
So with sound as my new artistic medium, deep in the music world.
And I was surprised by seeing the similarities between music and AIMS.
For example, a musical note can't capture and express fully on paper.
And the same thing can tell you about a concept in AIDS.
The two are very spatial and highly modular what it means that subtle changes can affect all the meaning both of the signals as the sounds.
I'd like to share a piano metaphor, so they understand better how the AIMS works.
So, imagine a piano.
The AIMS is divided in many different grammar parameters.
If you assign a different parameters for every finger while you touch the piano, like facial expression, the movement of the body, the speed, the shape of hand and so, as the piano hits, the English is a linear language, as if it's just a keyboard at the time.
However, the AIMS is more like a chord, you need 10 fingers simultaneously to express a clear or an idea in Asia.
If just a keyboard would change the chord, it creates a completely different meaning.
Same thing happens with music in terms of tone, timbre and volume.
In Asia, by using these different grammar parameters, you can express different ideas.
For example,``faveland in that . ''
This is the``favorite"sign.
I'm watching you.
Looking at it.
Oh, I got married.
Ooh.
What are you looking at?
Ah, pretty much!
So, I got to think, and if I see the AIMS through the lenses of music?
If I had to create a sign and repeated it over and over again, it could be as a piece of visual music.
For example, this is the sign of``day ,"the sun comes out and it puts.
This is``all day . ''
If you repeat it and reduces speed, it visually looks like a musical piece.
All day.
I feel like the same thing can say from``all night . ''
\" All night . ''
This is all night, in this drawing.
And this led me to think about three different types of nights,``night ,"`` overnight ,"`` all night . ''
I feel that the third has more music than the other two.
This represents how time is expressed in Asia and how distance the body can express changes in time.
For example, one of them . It's a hand, two heroes . It's two hands, the present gets closer and in front of the body, the future is in front of the body and the past is on the back.
So the first example is``a long time ago . ''
Then,``past ."`` Useful ,"and the last one, which is my favorite, with a very romantic and dramatic idea at once,``There was once . ''
\" Common Time"is a musical term with a specific pace of four times per compounds.
However, when I see the word``common time"and I think automatically at the same time.
See DVDs: right hand, E: left hand.
We have the paintbrush through the head and the chest.
[ Face, Mall, flash card . [[ On the chest] [On the chest] ] I'm going to show you a shape called``flag paw . ''
Can you do it with me?
You all with the hands.
Now we're going to do it both in your head like chest, something like``common time"or``at the same time . ''
Yeah, very well.
That means``fall"in the international system.
The international system, as a note, is a visual tool to help communicate in all cultures and sign languages around the world.
The second one I'd like to show you is this . Please do it with me again.
And now this.
It means``colonization"in AIMS.
Now, the third . Please go to me again.
And again.
It's``lighting"in the AIMS.
We're going to do the three together.
\" Little"`` collaboration"and``illumination . ''
Good work.
Notice how the three signs are very similar . They all happen in the head and the chest . But they transmit very different meanings.
It's amazing to see how the AIMS is alive and prosperous, like music.
However, today, we live in a very bold world.
And just because the AIMS has no sounds, it automatically doesn't have social value.
We need to start questioning what defines social value and allowing AIDS to develop its own value, without sounds.
And this could be a step to make a more inclusive society.
And maybe people understand that you don't have to be deaf to learn AIMS, not that you have to hear to learn music.
The AIMS is a rich treasure, and I'd like you to have the same experience.
I'd like to invite you to open your ears, open your eyes, to participate in our culture and experience from our visual language.
And you can never know, you can even fall in love with us.
Thank you.
dense Karway: Hey, that's me.
As a kid, my parents told me,``You can get it everything, but then you have to clean it . ''
Freedom involves responsibility.
But my imagination led me to all these wonderful places, where everything was possible.
So I grew up in an innocence bubble or a ignorance bubble, because adults lied us to protect us from the awful truth.
When I get older, I learned that adults also excite and they're not very good for cleaning each other.
The time happened, now I'm an adult and a citizen teaching and invention at Hong Kong's Harvard school.
You don't have to wait a lot for my students to walk on the beach on the beach with lots of garbage.
So as a good citizens, we cleaned the beaches, and no, it's not drinking alcohol, and if it is, I didn't give it.
It's sad to say, but more than 80 percent of the oceans contain plastic.
It's kind of creepy.
And in the last few decades, we've been coming out with these big ships and networks, to collect those plastic pieces to study them under the microscope, and we classify them up and collect this information on a map.
But it lasts an eternity and it's very expensive, and it's also very risky to use those enormous boats.
So along with my students, with ages of six to 15 years old, we dream to invent a better way.
We've transformed our tiny classroom in Hong Kong in a workshop.
We started building this target of work with an overwhelming height for children to be able to participate.
And I'll tell you, kids who manipulate electrical tools feel cool and secure.
Not exactly.
Let's go back to plastic.
We collected the plastic and reduce the size that we find in the ocean, which is very small, because of its fragmentation.
That's what we do.
I leave the imagination of my students.
My job is to try to take the best ideas of every child and try to combine them into something that we hope to work.
We decided that instead of collecting plastic pieces, we'll just collect information.
By using a robot, we take a picture of this plastic -- the kids are excited a lot about robots.
Then we created quickly what we call``a prototype . ''
We are so fast in the creation of prototypes that we ended before.
And we transformed light bulbs and chambers in accessories and put it into a floating robot that will slowly move through the water and the plastic that we have there, and this is the image captured by the robot.
We see the plastic pieces floating slowly through the sensor while the onboard computer will process this image and measure the size of every particle, to get an approximate estimate of the amount of plastic in the water.
We document this invention step on a website for inventors called``Institute ,"with the hope that someone gets better yet.
The great thing about this project is that students saw a local problem, and boom, they're trying to fix it immediately.
But my students in Hong Kong are very well informed children.
You see the news, you get the Internet, and you take this image.
A child, maybe less than 10 years old, cleaning a oil spill, only using hands, in London, the largest mangrove rainforest in the world in Bangladesh.
They were very surprised because this is the water that drink, it's the water in which you're bathe, the water where you fish, the place where you live.
You can see that the water is brown, the mud and the oil is also brown, and when everything is mixed, it's very difficult to see what's in the water.
But there's a simple technology called shared, which allows you to see what's in the water.
We built a first prototype of an ultrasound that can assemble through all kinds of substances that produce different spectrum, which can help to identify what's in the water.
Let's get this prototype with a sensor and we send it to Bangladesh.
The great thing about this project is that beyond solving a local problem, or to look at a local problem, my students used their empathy and their sense of creativity to help other kids remotely.
And I was forced to do a second experiment, and I wanted to go a little bit further, maybe to get a harder problem, and also closer to me.
I'm half Japanese and half French and maybe remember, that in 2011, there was a devastating earthquake in Japan.
It was so violent that they trigger several giant waves, called tsunami, and those tsunami destroyed several cities on the coast of Japan.
Over 14,000 people died in an instant.
It also gives the nuclear power plant of Fukushima, a nuclear nuclear downtown.
And today, according to the reports an average of 300 tons are still leaking from the nuclear plant in the Pacific Ocean.
Today, all the Pacific Ocean has pollution rates by 173.
If we go to the west coast, we can measure the radiation of Fukushima everywhere.
But if you look at the map, it seems that most of the radiation disappeared from the Japanese coast, and most of us, of course, has safe, is blue.
Well, reality is a little bit more complicated than that.
I've come back to Fukushima every year from accident and research in an independent way with other scientists, land, river, and this time we wanted to bring children.
Of course we didn't take them, the parents didn't allow it.
But every night we informed the control center -- here you see the use of different masks.
It might seem like they didn't take the work seriously, but they did because they're going to have to live with radiation all their life.
Together with them, we discussed the data collected that day and talk about what we were going to do after, the strategies, the introduction and so on.
And to do this, we created a routine map of the region around the nuclear power plant.
We created the elevation map, we introduced pigments to represent data in real time of radiation, and we spray water to simulate the rain.
With this, we could notice that the radioactive dust was filtered from the top of the mountain into the river and disappeared system in the ocean.
It was an appropriate estimate.
But based on this, we organized a civil expedition, the closest to nuclear central to date.
We get closer to 1.5 miles from the nuclear central, and with the aid of fishermen in the area, we were collecting sea ceiling sediments with a service tracker as we invented and built.
Here we see a progression: We've gone from a local problem to a remote problem, to a global problem.
And it's been very exciting to work on these different scales, also with open-source technologies and very simple technologies.
But at the same time, it's been increasingly frustrating because we've only been starting to measure the damage we've done.
We haven't even begun to try to solve the problems.
I wonder if we should give the jump and try to invent better ways to do all these things.
So the classroom became so small so much, we found an industrial installation in Hong Kong and we turned it into the largest space to the social and environmental impact.
It's at the center of Hong Kong, and it's a place where we can work with wood, metal, chemistry, a little bit of biology, of optical, basically, you can build almost all over there.
It's also a place where adults and children can play together.
It's a place where children' dreams can actually become reality with adults, and where adults can be children again.
Students: acceleration! acceleration!
Carnegie Harbor: We ask things like, can we invent the future of mobility with renewable energy?
For example.
Or can we help in the mobility of advanced age, transforming their standard wheelchair chairs into new electrical vehicles?
Plastic, oil and radioactivity are terrible, but the worst legacy that we can leave our children are lies.
We can't afford to protect kids in the horrible truth, because we need their imagination to invent solutions.
So, scientists, creators, dreamer, we need to prepare the next generation to care about environment and people, and so that I can actually do something about it.
Thank you.
Two twin domes, two radically opposite design cultures.
One is made of thousands of pieces of steel, the other of a single silk thread.
One is synthetic, the other organic.
One imposes about the environment, the other one creates it.
One is designed by nature, the other one for her.
Miguel angel said that when he looked at the market in gross, he saw a figure that struggled for being free.
The circus was only tool of Michelangelo.
But living beings are not linked.
They grow.
And in the smallest units of life, cells, we take all the information it required for each cell to work and to replicate.
The tools also have consequences.
At least since the Industrial Revolution, the world of design has been dominated by the rules of manufacturing and production in mass.
The assembly lines have devised a world made of parts, by looking at the imagination of designers and architects trained to think of their objects as a discrete parts assembly with different functions.
But you don't find gay materials in nature.
Think of the human skin, for example.
Our facial skins are thin with relaxed pores.
The backs of the back are thicker with little pores.
You act primarily as a filter, the other primarily as a barrier, and yet it's the same skin: there are no parts, there are no algae.
It's a system that gradually varied its functionality by variation variation.
Here's a divided screen that represents my view of the world divided, the double personality of every designer and architect to work currently between the circus and the gene, between machine and growth, between Henry Ford and Charles Darwin.
These two visions of the world, my left hemisphere and the right, analysis and synthesis, shows in both screens after me.
My work, on its simplest level, is about bringing these two visions in the world, away from self-assembly and approaching growth.
You probably wonder: Why is it now?
Why wasn't this possible about 10 or even five years ago?
We live at a very special moment in history, a weird moment, where they affect four disciplines that offer designers access to tools that we never had access to before.
And in the intersection of these four fields, my team and I created.
Please know the minds and hands of my students.
We designed objects, products and structures and tools through scales, large scale, like this robotic arm with a 24 meters scope of diameter with a vascular basis that some day to print entire buildings to print entire buildings, and graphs to nano-sticking microorganisms that shine in darkness.
Here we've been reinventing the jealous, an archetype of ancient Arabic architecture, and it has created a screen where every openings is a unique size to model the shape of light and heat through it.
In our next project, we explore the possibility of creating a layer and a skirt, and this was for a Paris fashion parade with Aristotle, and it's like a second skin made of a single piece, right in the contours, flexible around the waist.
Together with 3D printing collaborator, we print this layer and failed 3D failure without the cells . I'll show you more objects like that.
This helmet combines rigid and soft materials in the 20 microns resolution.
This is the resolution of a human hair.
It's also the resolution of a CO2 scanner.
That designers have access to this high resolution and synthetic instruments, allow design products to adapt not only the shape of our bodies, but also the physiological structure of our tissues.
We've also designed an acoustic chair, a chair at the same time, comfortable, and also it absorbs sound.
Professor Carter, my collaborator, we went back to nature to inspire us, and to design this irregular surface pattern, it becomes an advanced.
We print this 44 different properties, which vary in stiffness, obesity and color, correspond to the pressure points in the human body.
Their surface, like in nature, varies its functionality not by addition to another material, or another assembly, but to continually vary and deliberately the material property.
But is it the ideal nature?
Isn't there parts in nature?
I didn't raise myself in a religious Jewish home, but when I was a young man, my grandmother told me stories about the Hebrew Bible, and one of them came to me and came to define a lot of what matters to me.
As she says,``In the third day of the creation, God sent to Earth to grow a charged fruit tree . ''
For that first fruit tree, there would be no difference between trunk, branches, leaves and fruits.
The whole tree was a fruit.
Instead, the land did grow trees with branches, cortex, tables and flowers.
The land created a world made of parts.
I often ask myself,``What would be design if objects were made from one piece?
Could we go back to a better state of creation? ''
So we looked for the biblical material, the kind of material of fruit tree with fruit, and we find it.
The second most abundant biotech on the planet is called the team, and about 100 million tons are produced every year by organisms like shrimp, crabs, scorpions and butterflies.
We think that if we can synthesize their properties, we could generate multinational structures in one piece.
So that's what we did.
We call it a legal shellfish . We asked a lot of shrimp cycles, we put them up and produce the shore paste.
Looking at chemical concentrations, we've been able to achieve a wide range of properties, from dark, hard and opaque, to light, soft and transparent.
In order to print the large-scale structures, a system was built with multiple blocks of controlled destruction.
The robot could vary the properties of the material on the march and create these man-made structures made from one material -- 3.5 feet long , 100 percent recyclable.
When the pieces are ready, they let them dry to find a natural way to contact with air.
So why do we keep designing with plastic?
The air bubbles that were a byproduct of the printing process were used to contain physical microorganisms that came for the first time on the planet about 3.3 billion years ago, as we heard yesterday.
Together with our collaborators at Harvard and MIT, we built the bacteria designed genetically to capture the atmosphere of the atmosphere and turn it into sugar.
For the first time, we've been able to generate structures that make their transition without the problems of video to mesh, and if it gets even more, to windows.
A charged fruit tree.
Working with an ancient material, one of the first forms of life on the planet, with abundant water and with a little bit of synthetic biology, we've transformed a structure made of shrimp shots in an architecture that behaves like a tree.
And here's the best part: for objects designed to biodegrade, put in the sea, feed the marine life; and put on the ground, will help grow a tree.
The adjust for our next exploration using the same design principles was the solar system.
We're looking for the possibility of creating clothes to keep the life for international travel.
To do that, we need to dominate bacteria and control their flow.
So as the periodic table, we made our own table of elements: new forms of life created computing, made in addition and biodiverse.
I like to think of synthetic biology as liquid alchemy, only instead of bringing precious metals, new biological functions are synthesized within very small channels.
This field is called microbes.
We print our own 3D channels to control the flow of these liquid bacterial crops.
In our first piece of clothing, two microorganisms combined.
The first one is the scar.
It lives in our oceans and the freshwater.
And second, E. coli, the bacteria that lies in human intestine.
A turn light into sugar, the other consumer sugar and produces useful biofuels for the built environment.
But these two microorganisms don't interact in nature.
In fact, they never met.
They're here, designed for the first time, to have a relationship in a piece of clothes.
Think of it as evolution, not by natural selection, but design for design.
In order to contain these relationships, we've created a single channel that resembles the digestive tract, which will help these bacteria flow and alter their way.
So we started to grow those channels in the human body, by looking at the properties of the material as a desired functionality.
If we wanted more photosynthesis, we designed more transparent channels.
This portable digestive system, when you stretch from one end to another, about 60 meters.
This is half the length of a football field, and 10 times more than our thin intestine.
And here is, as a cousin at TED, our first permanent phototherapy, bright liquid channels in the clothes.
Thank you.
Mary Shelley said,``We are moving creatures, only half is done . ''
What if design would provide the other half?
What if we could create structures that increase living matter?
What if we could create personal microbes that would scan our skin, repair the damaged tissue and sustained our bodies?
Think of this as a way to edit biology.
I call this material ecology.
For that, you always have to go back to nature.
For now, you know that a 3D printer printed material in layers.
It's also known that nature doesn't do it.
It grows . It adds with sophistication.
This guy of the worm, for example, creates a highly sophisticated architecture, a home within which it is metabolism.
Now, no additive manufacturing is about this level of sophistication.
It makes it by combination not of two materials, but two proteins in different concentrations.
An act like structure, the other is the glue or the matrix, bringing those fibers together.
And this happens through scales.
The silk worm is beginning in the environment, creates a structure of tension, and then it starts by a career of compression.
tension and compression, the two forces of life, manifest in a single material.
In order to understand better how this complex process works, we put a little tiny magnet on a head of silk worm, to the Hill.
We put it inside a box with magnetic sensors, and that allowed us to create this cloud of dots in three dimensions and visualize the complex architecture of silk worm.
However, when you put the silk worm on a flat patch, not within a box, we realized that you would have a flat dome and still metabolism.
So we started designing different environments, different scaffolding, and we've discovered that the shape, the composition, the structure of the cocoon, is transmitted directly by the environment.
They often boil the silk worms to death inside their cocoons, their silk gets rid and used in the textile industry.
We saw that designing these templates could shape the raw silk without boiling a single dome.
They're slowly metabolized, and we could create these things.
So we climb this process to the architectural scale.
We had a blue robot making silk plants, and we put us on our site.
We knew that silk worms migrated into darker and cold areas, so we used a solar route diagram to reveal the distribution of light and heat in our structure.
So we created holes or openings, to block the rays of light and heat, distributing silk worms on the structure.
We were prepared to receive the caterpillars.
We asked 650 worms of silk to a line farm online.
And after food for four weeks, they were prepared to hydrogen with us.
We put them carefully on the lower edge of the scaffolding, and as they were growing, they were critically seen, they were separated, they put eggs, and life starts again, like us, but much, much shorter.
Buckminster Fuller said that tension is the great integrity, and it was right.
A high-security biological silk on the silk silk, they give all this role their integrity.
And in a little more than two or three weeks, six silk worms take 650 miles.
In a curious symmetry, this is also the length of the silk route.
Polis, after the election, produce 1.5 million eggs.
This could be used for 250 extra pavilions in the future.
So here are the two visions of the world.
A silk thread through a robotic arm, the other empty fills.
If the last frontier of design is to give life to products and buildings around us, to form an ecology of two materials, designers have to join these two visions of the world.
Which brings us back, of course, at the beginning.
Here's a new age of design, a new era of creation, which leads us from an inspired design in nature to an inspired nature in design, which demands from us, for the first time, that we make nature from nature.
Thank you.
Thank you very much . Thank you.
Hands up if you've ever asked you,``What do you want to be more? ''
If you had to remember what age you had when you first asked this?
You can show it with fingers.
Three . Five . Three . Five . Five . Five.
Now, raise your hand if the question``What do you want to be more? ''
It's caused some kind of anxiety.
Any anxiety.
I'm somebody who could never answer the question,``What do you want to be more? ''
The problem was not that I had no interest, but I had too much.
In school, I liked English, the kills and the art and developed websites, and I was playing the guitar in a dotcom band called Telecommunication Freedom.
Maybe you've heard of us.
And in general, I like to test and persist anyway, for having spent a lot of time and energy and sometimes money in this field.
But over time this sense of boredom, this feeling of, is no longer a challenge, it's going to be involved.
And I have to leave it.
But then I'm interested in something else, something completely different, and I stand up in it, and I let myself absorb and feel``Yes! I've found the mine ,"and then again, this point where I start bored.
And finally, I want to leave you.
But then I'd like to discover something new and different, and I'd like to go into that.
This pattern caused me a lot of anxiety, for two reasons.
The first one was because I wasn't sure how it was going to turn all this into a career.
I thought I should choose one thing, denied all my other passions, and I'm going to get bored.
Another reason why I got so much anxiety was a little bit more personal.
I was worried that there was something wrong with this, and something bad in me because I won't define anything.
I was concerned to be afraid of compromise, or being dispersed, or self-interested or to my own success.
If you can relate my story and these feelings, I'd like to ask you something that I'd like to have planted then.
Ask themselves, where they learned to allocate the meaning of bad or abnormal to do things.
I'll tell you where you learned it: you learned it from culture.
\" What do you want to be more? ''
When we're about five years old.
And the truth is that nobody cares what you answer at that age.
It's considered an naive question to provide cute responses in children like,``being astronaut ,"or``being dancing ,"or``I want to be pirate . ''
They're going to introduce the Haiti designer here.
This question is done over and over again as we grow in different ways, P, in high school students are asked you're going to choose in college.
And at some point,``What do you want to be more? ''
It happens to be the cute exercise of before what you take away sleep.
Why?
While this question inspired children to dream with what they might be, not inspired to dream with everything they might be.
In fact, just the opposite, because when someone asks you what you want to be, you can't respond to 20 different things, even though you're well-intentioned adults, maybe integrated adults and say,``Oh, what nice, but you can't be an art of violence and psychologist.
You have to choose . ''
This is Dr. Bob Children, and he is a transition of violence and psychotherapy.
And this American Amy, a magazine, converted into illustrator, entrepreneur, teacher and creative director.
But most children don't hear about people like this.
Everything you hear is that they're going to have to choose.
But it's more than that.
The notion of life focused is very idealistic in our culture.
It's this idea of fate or the real vocation, the idea that each one of us has something to do with their time on this land, and you have to figure out what that thing and dedicate your life to it.
But if you're somebody who is not connected in this way?
What if there are many different issues that wake up its curiosity and lots of different things that you want to do?
There's no place for somebody like one in that frame.
And so you can feel just.
You can feel that it doesn't have a goal.
And feeling there is something wrong with one.
There's nothing wrong with you.
You're a crowd.
A crowd is somebody with many interests and creative activities.
It's a mouth to say.
It could help if you divide in three parts: multiple, potential and damage.
You can also use other terms that connect the same idea, as a scholar, a Renaissance.
During the time of Renaissance, the ideal was who was right in multiple disciplines.
Barack Charles refers to us as``scanners . ''
Use any term you like or invent yourself.
It seems like a kind of adaptations to a community, we can't agree with one identity.
It's easy to see the crowd like limitation or application that you should be selling.
But what I've learned by talking to people and writing about these ideas on my website, is that there are huge strengths in this way.
Here are three multi-distinct superpowers here.
One: ideas of ideas.
I mean, the combination of two or more fields and creation of something new at intersection.
This Haiti and Rachel Bible expressed their shared interests in cartography, the visualization of data, travel, mathematics and design, when I founded Muhammad.
Muhammad is a company that creates goat inspired jewelry.
A and Rachel came up with this unique idea for his eclectic mix of skills and experiences.
Innovation happens in intersections.
There's the new ideas out there.
And the multimedia, with all their backgrounds, can access a lot of these points of intersection.
The second multinational superpower is fast learning.
When the crowds are interested in something, we go to it.
We look at everything we can have in our hands.
We're all about to be beginners, for having been a lot of times in the past, and this means that we have less afraid of testing new things and out of our comfort zones.
A lot of skills are transferred to other disciplines, and we bring everything that we've learned to every new area that we pursue, so we rarely start from scratch.
Norman dunes is a full-time trip and independent writing.
As an amazing child, an incredible ability to develop muscle memory.
Now, she's the fastest mechanics known.
Before becoming written, I was a financial planner.
He had to learn the most thin selling mechanics when he started its practices, and this ability helps him write conventional launch for editors.
It rarely is a waste of time to spend what you're going to attract, even if you ultimately abandon it.
It's possible to apply that knowledge in a completely different field, in a way that you couldn't have foreseen.
The third multinational superpower is adaptability . I mean, the ability to transform into anything you need in a given situation.
Abe Capital is sometimes director of videos, others, pages of websites, sometimes consultants of Kickstarter, sometimes teacher, and sometimes apparently, James Bond.
It's valuable because it makes a good job.
He's even more valuable because he can take different roles, depending on the needs of his clients.
The Fast Company magazine defined adaptability as the most important ability for development, to thrive in the 21st century.
The economic world changes so quickly and unpredictable that it's the individuals and organizations that can pivot to satisfy the needs of the market, which will really thrive.
synthesis of ideas, rapid learning and adaptability: three skills where furniture are very adept, and three skills that could be lost if they're prepared to reduce their goals.
As a society, we have a great interest in encouraging the crowds to be themselves.
We have complex problems, multi-distinct problems right now, and we need no conventional creative thinkers to deal with them.
Let's say they are, in your heart, specialists.
They came out of the wind knowing because they wanted to be pediatric neurosurgeon.
Don't worry, there's nothing wrong with you either.
In fact, some of the best teams are composed of a specialist and multiplier.
The specialists can dive deep and put ideas, and the crowd provides an breadth of knowledge to the project.
It's a beautiful relationship.
But we should all design lives and careers that make the way we're connected.
And unfortunately, the multiplies in a large part are encouraged to just be more like their specialized partners.
I once said this, if there's one thing you take from this talk, I hope it's this: recognize with internal wiring, whatever.
If you're a heart specialist, then specialization for all media.
That's where you will give the best.
But for the furniture in the room, including those who just realized being one of them in the last 12 minutes, I tell them, to recognize their many passions.
Keep your curiosity for those rabbits.
They explore intersections.
embracing our internal wiring leads us to a more authentic and happy life.
And perhaps most importantly, multiply, the world needs us!
Thank you.
In 1908, a woman named Australia took her to a psychiatrist at Practice.
He was intrigued, and he couldn't remember even the most basic details of his life.
His doctor was called Alas.
Alec didn't know how to help Sousa, but she was flying for her until, unfortunately, he passed in 1966.
After his death, Alas made an autopsy and found strange plates and originals in the Boston brain, a guy who had never seen before.
The most amazing thing.
If Sousa had been alive today, we couldn't give her more help than he'd ever had 140 years ago.
Sousa was Dr. Allison Alzheimer.
And August Detroit, the first patient to receive a diagnosis that we now call Alzheimer's disease.
Since 1903, medicine has advanced a lot.
There's been antibiotics and vaccines to protect us from infection, many treatments for cancer, antiretroviral for HIV, states for cardiology and much more.
But it's recently been progress in the treatment of Alzheimer's.
I'm part of a team of scientists working to find a cure for Alzheimer's for more than a decade.
So I think about this all the time.
Alzheimer now affects 40 million around the world.
But in 2050, it will affect 150 million that, by the way, include many of you.
If you wait to live until 85 or more, the chance of Alzheimer's will be almost one of two.
In other words, there is the likelihood that they spend their years that are going on with Alzheimer's or helping to take care of a friend or being dear with Alzheimer's.
In the U.S. alone, Alzheimer's care costs $200 billion every year.
One of five dollars of medical care is spent in Alzheimer's disease.
Today it's the most expensive disease, and its costs are beginning to increase five times in 2050, as you age the generation of the baby baby.
You may surprise them, but Alzheimer's one of the greatest medical and social challenges of our generation.
But it's done relatively little to fight it.
Today, one of the top 10 causes of death around the world, Alzheimer's is the only one that cannot prevent, cure or even slow their development.
We understand less of Alzheimer's than other diseases because we've invested less time and money in the research of the same.
The U.S. government spends 10 times every year in cancer research than in Alzheimer despite the fact that it costs us more Alzheimer's and causes a similar number of deaths like cancer.
The lack of resources is due to a more fundamental cause: lack of consciousness.
Because this is what a few people know, but everybody should: Alzheimer's is a disease, and we can cure it.
For most of the last 144 years, everyone, even the scientists, confused Alzheimer's disease with aging.
We think it's going to be quiet in a normal and inevitable part of aging.
But there's only a picture of a healthy brain in comparison with a patient from Alzheimer's patient to see the real physical damage caused by this disease.
In addition to trigger a severe memory loss and mental skills, damage to brain caused significantly reduces life expectancy and is always deadly.
Remember, Dr. Alzheimer found plates and strangers in the brain of August a century ago.
For almost a century, we didn't know much about this.
Today we know that they're made of protein molecules.
You can think of a protein molecule like a piece of paper that folds like an origami.
There are places on the paper that are sticky.
And when it gets good, these sticky dots end up inside.
But sometimes things go wrong, and some sticky dots are left on the outside.
This makes protein molecules paste each other, forming groups that can form large plates and organisms.
That's what we see in the patient's brain with Alzheimer's.
We've spent the last 10 years at Cambridge University trying to understand how this dysfunction works.
There are a lot of steps, and the identification of what step blocks is complex, how to defuse a bomb.
Cut a cable could do anything.
Cut others can make the bomb explode.
You have to find the right step that you block it, and then create a drug that does it.
Until recently, most of them have reduced the wires and waiting for the best.
But now there's a diverse group of people, doctors, biologists, geneticist, chemicals, physicists, engineers and mathematicians.
And together, we've managed to identify a critical step in the process . Now you're testing a new kind of drugs that blocked this step specifically to stop the disease.
I'll show you some of our last results.
Nobody outside of our lab has seen it yet.
Let's see a few videos of what happened when we tested these drugs in worms.
These are the healthy worms, and you can see that they move with normal.
These worms, on the other hand, have protein molecules that stick between them, like in humans with Alzheimer's.
And you can see that they're clearly sick.
But when we give our new drugs to these worms at an early stage, then we see that they heal and live a normal life.
This is just a positive initial result, but research like this shows that Alzheimer's is a disease that we can understand and cure.
After 144 years of waiting, there is real hope of what can be achieved in the next 10 or 20 years.
But to grow that hope, of selling Alzheimer's, we need help.
It's not about scientists like me, it's about you.
We must be convinced that Alzheimer's a disease, and if we try, we can sell it.
In the case of other diseases, patients and their families have done more research and exercise pressure about governments, pharmaceutical industry, scientists and legislators.
That was essential to move forward in the treatment of HIV in the late 1980s.
Today we see that same unit to sell cancer.
But Alzheimer's patients often can't speak for themselves.
And their families, the hidden victims, the caregivers of their loved ones day and night, are often too desperate to go out and advocate for change.
So, it's really dependent on you.
Alzheimer is not, in most cases a genetic disease.
Everyone with a brain runs the risk.
Today, there are 40 million patients like August, who can't create the change they need for themselves.
They help talk for them, and they help demand a cure.
Thank you.
I published this article at the New York Times column in January this year.
To fall in love with somebody, do this.
The article is about a psychological study, designed to create romantic love in the lab, and from my own experience when I test it myself from the last summer.
So the procedure is pretty simple: Two strangers are used to make 36 increasingly personal questions and then both of you look at the eyes without talking for four minutes.
Here's a couple of questions of example.
Number 12: If you could wake up tomorrow with a quality or ability, what would be?
Number 28: When was the last time I cried to another person?
And just?
As you move forward, these are more and more personal.
Number 30: I mean, this really, I like -- Tell your partner what you get out of it or her; I know very honest this time, and I gave things that you wouldn't say to somebody you've ever met.
When I stumbled on this study a few years ago, a detail really called me the attention, the joke that two of the participants had married six months later and invited all of the lab to ceremony.
So, it was skeptical about this process of making romantic love, but of course, I was also intrigued.
And when I had the occasion of testing this study, with somebody who knew not particularly very well, I didn't expect to love.
However, we fell in love, and I thought it was a good story, so I sent it to the column of love Mount Moderator a few months later.
That was published in January, and now it's already August, so I guess some of you probably get asked: Do you follow together?
And the reason I think you care about this is because I've been asked this question again and again in the last seven months.
And this question is just what I want to talk about today.
But let's go back to the subject.
A week before the article was published, the paper was very nervous.
I had been working on a romantic book in the last few years, so I had been tempted to write about my experience in romantic love in my blog.
But a blog entry can get to a few hundred views like a lot, and those were usually only from my Facebook friends and imagine that my article in the New York Times would probably get a few thousand views.
And that was a good load of attention in a relatively new relationship.
But as he went, he had no idea.
The paper was published online a Friday night, and the Saturday, this happened in my blog traffic.
And Sunday, they had already called me the High Show and the Good Monica America.
In a month, the paper received over eight million views, and I was, to say something, little prepared for this kind of attention.
One thing is to foster trust writing with a sense of loving experiences, but another thing is to discover that the loving life of one has been international news and people around the world are really interested in the state of your new relationship.
And when people called or write, what they did every day for weeks, always, they first asked the same question: Do you still follow together?
In fact, when I was preparing this talk, I made a quick search for my email with the phrase,``Do you still follow together? ''
And several messages appeared immediately.
They were students and journalists and ridiculous strangers like this.
And I was interviewed in radio and asked.
Even, I gave a talk, and a woman shouted up to the stage,``Hey Mandela where your boyfriend is? ''
And immediately I got red.
I understand that this is part of the deal.
If you write about your relationship in an international journal, you should expect people to feel comfortable asking about it.
But I wasn't prepared for the answer of the answer.
The 36 questions seemed to have covered life.
In fact, the New York Times published a complementary article for Valentine, who included the experiences of readers to test the study in them with different degrees of success.
So, my first impulse first of all this attention was to be very reserved with my own relationship.
I said not to every request that we both do a public emergence together.
He collected television interviews, and they refused to have pictures of us two.
I think I was afraid to become the unexpected icons of the parking process, a range for which I didn't feel at all.
And I understand that people didn't want to know only if the study worked, they wanted to know if it really worked: I mean, if it was able to produce enduring love, not just an adventure, but real love, enduring love.
But this was a question I wasn't able to answer.
My relationship had just a few months, and I felt, especially that people were asking the wrong question.
How do we know whether we would continue together or not, and to say?
If the answer was not, would the experience of asking these 36 less interesting questions?
Dr. Arthur Aron wrote first about these questions in the same study in 1997, and there, the goal of research was not producing romantic love.
Instead, I was looking for feeding interpersonal dawn between college students, using what Aaron called supermassive, progressive and reciprocal openness.
Sounds romantic, right?
But the study did work.
The participants felt closer after doing it, several foreign studies also used the protocol Aristotle Friend protocol, as a fast way of creating trust and interaction between strangers.
They've used it between police members and community, and they've used it among people of opposite political ideology.
The original version of history, which I tried last summer, which combines personal questions with four minutes of visual contact, was quoted in this article, but unfortunately never published.
A few months ago, I was giving a talk at a little university of liberal arts university, and then a student came to me and said to me with shy: I tried the study and didn't work.
He seemed puzzling by it.
And I: You mean that you fall in love with the person who did it?
Well he made a pause.
I think she just wants to be friends.
And me, but did they become better friends?
Do you feel that you were able to know better after testing the study?
The absence.
So, it worked ,"I said.
However, I don't think that was the answer that he was looking for.
In fact, I don't think it's the answer that none of you is looking for when it comes to love.
I stumbled on the study for the first time when I was 29, and I was going through a really difficult separation.
I had this relationship since I had 20, which I was supposed to basically all my adult life, and he was my first true love, and I had no idea how or if I could live without it.
So I flew in science.
And I did everything that I could find about the science of romantic love, and I expected that to be able to be able to be able to get the heart to be able to be to the heart.
I don't know if I realized this at the time I thought I just looked at the book that I wrote, but in hindsight, it seems really obvious.
I thought that if I was thrown with the knowledge of romantic love, I would never have to feel as bad and I used to feel like then.
And all this knowledge has been useful in one way or another.
I'm more patient with love . I'm more relaxed.
I have more confidence to demand what I look for.
But I can also see more clearly, and I can tell you that what I'm looking for is sometimes more than you can reasonably demand me.
What I look for love is a guarantee, not just to be loved today and to be loved tomorrow, but to keep being loved by the person I love.
It may be the guarantee that people ask when they wanted to know if we were still together.
The story that media told about 36 questions is that there can be a shortcut to love.
There may be a way to somehow mitigate something of the implicit risk, and this is a very attractive story, because in love makes us feel beautifully, but it's also scary.
But I think when it comes to love, we're very willing to accept the short version of history.
The version of the story that I ask: still follow together?
And his content with an answer of yes or not.
So more than one question, I would propose that we ask more difficult questions, questions like: how do you decide who deserves your love and who isn't?
How do you stay in love with when things complicated, and how to know when to cut and distance?
How do you live with uncertainty that inevitably delivers a relationship? Or more, how do you live with your partner's doubt?
I don't necessarily know the answers to these questions, but I think they're a good start to have a more reflective conversation about what it means to love someone.
So, if you want the short version of the history of my relationship, it's this one -- a year ago, a met and I apply a study designed to create romantic love, we fall in love, we still follow together, and I'm very happy.
But love is not the same thing to stay in love.
In love, it's the easy part.
So at the end of my article wrote: Love didn't happen.
We just fall out because we take the choice of being.
And I get a little bit about reading now, not because it's not true, but because at the time, I hadn't considered everything that's supposed that choice.
I don't consider how many times we would have both to make that decision, and how many times I'll keep doing that choice without knowing before if he will always choose me or not.
I want you to be enough to have done and answered 36 questions, have chosen to love someone so generous, nice and fun and have expressed that choice in the largest day in America.
But what I've done, instead, is to turn my relationship into the kind of myth that I don't really believe.
And what I'm looking for, and what I might spend my life looking for is that that myth is true.
I want the very happy implicit in my article's title, which is, in purpose, the only part of the article I didn't actually write.
But what I have in change is the opportunity to choose someone, and the hope that he will also love me, and it's scary, but that's the deal with love.
Thank you.
I was raised by a few mountain lesbian, and in a way I got like a forest.
something that really affected me, but more details ahead.
I'll start with when I was eight.
I took a wooden box, and I found a dollar bill, a pen and a fork in it somewhere in Colorado.
And I thought that some weird humanities or some aliens would find this box about 500 years later and learn how our species exchange ideas, for example how we eat the spaghetti.
I had no idea.
Anyway, it's got grace because here I am , 30 years later, and I'm still making boxes.
At one point, I was in Hawaii -- I like to go from excuse and make surfing and all these weird things -- and I was making a color for my mother.
And I took a dictionary, and I was dragging all the pages and made a kind of prescribed cells to the Agnes Martin style, the resin covered and a bee got caught.
Well, my mother is afraid of bees, and it's allergic to them, so I add more resin in the canvas, thinking I could hide it.
Instead, the opposite happened: somehow it seemed like it increased size, as if you would look at the text with a magnifying magnifying.
So I did? I built more boxes.
This time, I started adding electronics, frogs, strange bottles that I was going to find on the street, everything I could find, because I was looking for things all my life, trying to relate them and tell stories about these objects.
So I started drawing around objects, and I realized that God can draw in space.
I can flow back, draw the same as a corpse on the scene of crime.
And I took the objects and created my own taxonomy of specimens invented.
First, botanical -- that you can make an idea.
Then I did some strange insects and creatures.
It was very fun to draw in the resin layers.
And it was great, because I started riding exhibitions and those things, and I was earning some money, to bring my girlfriend to dinner, for example, going to Silicon.
It was great, man.
At some point I'm interested in the human form, natural size resin sculptures with pictures of human beings inside the layers.
It was great, except for one thing: I died.
I didn't know what to do, because the resin was going to kill me.
And I went to bed every night thinking about it.
So I tried to use glass.
I started drawing on glass layers, similar to drawing in a window, then in another window, and another window, and I had all these windows together that formed three-dimensional composition.
And this really worked, and so I could stop using the resin.
So I did this for years, and my work with something very large, I call``traffic . ''
For the``traffic"inspired me in a big measure in``The Garden of Design"by Hiroshipail Boy, which is a painting at the Museum of the meadow in Spain.
You know it?
Well, it's a fantastic picture.
They say it's a little bit ahead of their time.
Well,``traffic ."explaining this piece.
It weighs 11 pounds.
Five feet long.
It's got twice, so it's 10 meters of composition.
It's a little bit weird.
Well, that's the source of blood.
On the left, there's Jesus and the locust.
There's a cave where all these creatures with animal heads travel between two worlds.
They go from the world of representation, this analog mesh underworld where they hide.
This is where the creatures with animal heads are heading to the stage, ready to commit in mass rainforests in the ocean.
The ocean is comprised of thousands of elements.
This is a bird god tied to a shoe.
Billy Graham is in the sea; the Horry -- the Hormone Calibral platform, the shelter of Osama bin Laden, there's all sorts of weird things that you can find if you look very well in the ocean.
Anyway, also a kind of a woman.
He's coming out of the ocean, and he finds oil in a hand while the other hand comes out clouds.
Their hands are like scales, and it looks like a mythological being keeps the Earth and the cosmos in balance.
So it's an aspect of the transition.
It's a bit of a narrative.
That's the hand that I spit.
And then, when you go on the other side, you have a track, like a bird's peak, and you spit clouds from this trap.
It also has a two-dimensional tail that's 150 feet long, which binds into the traffic.
Anyway, his tail is starting to fire on a volcano.
I don't know why it happened.
Things that happen, you know.
His tail ended in a climbing blood balloon made of terrorist cards from 1986.
Have you seen them?
They were done in the 1980s, as if they were baseball cards of terrorists.
It leads me to my last project.
I'm in the middle of two projects: One is called phones.
This is a six-year-old project to make 100 of these human beings.
Each one is an archive of our culture, through media and material being encyclopedias, dictionaries or journals.
But each act acts like a kind of archive in a way of being human, and travel in groups of 20, four or 12 at a time.
They're like cells, they get together, they divide.
And you can walk between them . I'm getting years.
Each one is basically a microscope paradigm that weighs 1.3 pounds with a human trapped inside.
This has a little cave in the chest.
That's the head; it's the chest, you can see the entrance.
I'm going to lock you on the rest of the body: there's a waterfall that comes out of the chest, and you cover your penis or you cover, or whatever you have, a kind of an orange thing.
It's a quick repair of these works because I can't explain them for a long time.
We have layers, you can see.
This is a body in the middle.
This has two heads, and it's communicating between the two.
There are some pills coming out and go into the head of this strange statue.
There's a small forest inside the ribcage.
Can you see it?
Anyway, this talk is about these boxes, just like the boxes that we live in.
We're in a box, the solar system is a box.
This brings me to my last box.
It's a brick box . It's called PowerPoint Words.
Within this box there is a physicist, a neuroscientist, a painter, a musician, a writer, a radio emitter, a museum, a school, an editorial arm that spread all the content that we do in the world; and a garden.
We send the box and all the people inside it with each other as particles.
And I think that's the way we change the world.
When you redefined who is and the box that you're living in.
And together we get to realize that we're all together in this, that this illusion that we are different, these concepts of countries, from borders, religion, doesn't work.
We're all very made of the same matter and the same box.
And if we don't start exchanging those things with sweetness, and we're all going to die very soon.
Thank you very much.
What do you do when you give them your head?
They take an aspirin.
But for this pill to have effect against pain, first goes through the stomach, the gut and other organs.
To take a pill is the most effective and undesirable system so that any drug in the body.
The disadvantage, however, is that when you swallow any drug, it dilute.
And this is a big problem, especially in patients with HIV.
When you take antiretroviral drugs, these serve to decrease the amount of viruses in blood, and increase the DNA cells.
But they're also known for their adverse side effects, mostly negative, because in the time they're going to get to the blood current, they dilate, and worse, even worse for the time they're going to get to their destination, which is more important: the HIV warehouse.
These are regions of the body like lymph nodes, the nervous system, the lungs, where the virus is embedded and not easily in the blood stream of the patients that are being used to regular drugs with antiretroviral drugs.
After the disruption of treatment, the virus can wake up and infect new blood cells.
This is the big problem of the HIV treatment with today's drugs, which is a life treatment running by oral.
One day, I sat down and I thought,``Could we get the treatment directly to the virus of the virus, without the risk of the drugs? ''
As a scientific expert in lasers, the answer was in front of me: the lasers, of course.
If you use it in dentistry, for the care of wounds and diabetes surgery, you can use it for anything imaginable, including the intrinsic transportation of drugs.
In fact, we're already using laser pulses to open or drill extremely small holes, that open and close almost immediately the cells infected with HIV to introduce drugs.
The best thing is,``How is that possible? ''
We send a small, powerful beam on the cellular membrane infected by HIV while these cells are embedded in a liquid that contains the drug.
The laser goes through the cell, whereas the cell absorbs the drug in terms of microseconds.
Before I even realize, the hole is immediately repaired.
We're currently testing this technology in vitro or in Petri's plates, but the goal is to bring this technology into the human body, apply to the human body.
\" How is that possible?"you can ask.
Well, the answer is: through a three heads device.
With the first head, which is our laser, we'll make an incentive in the site of infection.
The second head, which is a camera, is headed into the infection site.
Finally, the third head, an injection that distributed the drug, release it directly on the infection site, whereas the laser is used again to keep the cells open.
Well, this doesn't look like a lot.
But one day, if it's successful, this technology can lead to the total eradication of the HIV.
Yeah . A cure for HIV.
This is the dream of all HIV research -- in our case, a laser treatment.
Thank you.
In the last decade, I've been studying non-liver groups: armed organizations like terrorists, insurgents or millennia.
document what these groups do when they're not shooting.
My goal is better to understand these generators of violence and study ways to encourage the transition of violent participation to nonviolent confrontation.
I do field work, in the world of politics and library.
To understand these groups is key to just solving almost every conflict in course, because war has changed.
It used to be a dispute between states.
No.
Now it's a conflict between states and non-governmental actors.
For example, from the 216 peace arrangements between 1975 and 2011 , 1969 were signed between a state and a non-governmental actor.
So we need to understand these groups; we have to even engage them or defeat them in any process of successful conflict resolution.
But how do you do that?
We need to know what these organizations do.
We know very well the reasons they fight, how they do, but nobody analyzes what they do when they don't fight.
The armed struggle and non-lethal policies are related.
Everything is part of the same organization.
We can't understand these groups, not much less defeat them, without global vision.
The armed groups of today are complex organizations.
For example, the Lebanese Heart, known for its violent cooling against Israel.
From its creation in the 1980s, Health has also established a political party, a network of social services and a military device.
Similarly, the Palestinian Hamaster, known by its suicide attacks against Israel, also runs the Gaza Library since 2007.
So these groups do more than just shooting.
They're multitasking.
They set up a complex machinery of communication: radio stations, TV channels, websites and strategies in social networks.
And here's the ISIS magazine, printed in English and published to recruit.
armed groups also invest in a complex competition of unprecedented funds, but through cost-effective businesses, for example, construction companies.
These activities are key.
They allow these groups to increase their strength, increase their funds, to recruit better and build their brand.
armed groups also do something more: create stronger ties with their population investing in social services.
They build schools, they manage hospitals, they put in programming programs of professional training or microbes.
Health provides all these services and more.
armed groups also try to conquer the population by offering something that the state doesn't provide: security and protection.
The ascent of the Taliban in a strength Afghanistan, or even the beginning of the ISIS ascent, can also understand the efforts of these groups to provide security.
Unfortunately, in these cases, security has an incredibly elevated price for the population.
But in general, providing social services means filling a vacuum, a gap left by government, and allows these groups to strengthen and increase their power.
For example, the election victory of 2006 from Palestinian Hamas cannot understand without recognizing the social work of the group.
It's a really complex scenario, even in the West, when we look at armed groups, we just think of the violent side.
But that's not enough to understand the strengths of these groups, the strategy or vision in the long term.
These groups are hybrids.
They grow because they fill gaps left by government, and they emerge as armed and political groups, participate in violent struggle and governance.
And the more complex and sophisticated are these organizations, we can less we can categorize them as something counterintuitive.
How do you call a group like Hello?
They dominate part of a territory, they manage all their functions, collect the trash, they manage the sewer system.
Is it a state? Is it a rebel group?
Or maybe it's another thing, something new and different.
And what is ISIS?
The lines go down.
We live in a world of states, from state nations and hybrids, and the more weak the states are, like in the Middle East today, more intervention and fill that gap, the non-governmental actors.
This is important for governments, because to counteract these groups, they'll have to invest more in no military tools.
To fill that gap of government has to be at the center of any sustainable approach.
This is very important to establish and conquer peace.
If we understand the armed groups better, we'll understand better what incentives to offer to encourage the transition of violence to nonviolence.
In this new dispute between states and actors, military power can win some battles, but it will not give us peace or stability.
To achieve these targets, we need long-term investments to fill that vacuum of security, to fill that vacuum of government that allowed these groups to thrive at a beginning.
Thank you.
I'm a failure as a woman and as a feminist.
My views about gender equality are self-conflict, but fear that I'm going to accept the label of``feminist"would be unfair for the feminist.
I'm a feminist, but pretty bad.
And therefore I'm labeled as a bad feminist.
Or at least, I wrote an article, and a book called``The Bad feminist ,"and then in interviews, people started calling me the Malay Feminism.
So, what started like a personal joke fascinated to myself and a deliberate proposition, has become something bigger.
Let me give you a step back.
When I was young, especially in my youth, and at the age of 20, I had strange ideas about feminism, these hairy women, angry with men and who hated sex, as if that was bad.
Today, I see how women are treated around the world and anger, in particular, seems a perfectly reasonable response.
But at the time, I was worried about the tone that I was using people when we insisted that could be feminist.
Being tagging as a feminist was an accusation, a taboo and unpleasant word.
I was labeled as a woman who doesn't follow the rules, which is too much, with high self-esteem and dare to believe that it's equal or superior to a man.
Nobody wants to be that rebel woman, until it realizes that it's actually that woman and can't imagine being another person.
Over time, as I went growing, I started to accept that I am, in fact, feminist, and also, proud of being.
For me, certain claims are irregular: women are equal to men.
We deserve the same store for the same work.
We have right to travel around the world as we want, free of harassment or violence.
We have right to use very easily and accessible the contraceptives and the reproductive services.
We have the right to decide about our bodies, no need for legislative control or evangelical doctrines.
We have the right to respect.
There's more.
When you talk about women's needs, you have to have our other identities.
We're not just women.
We are people with a different body, gender expression, religion and sexuality, social condition, skills and much more.
We need to have these differences and how they affect us, the same way that matters what we have in common.
Without this kind of inclusion, our feminism is nothing.
For me, these truths are evident, but to be clear: I'm a disaster.
I'm full of contradictions.
There's a lot of things that make me a bad feminist.
I have another confession.
When I drive the work, I hear rap music to pay everything.
Although the letter degraded to women and offends me deeply, the classic``Salt Sharen"in the IQ innovation is incredible.
\" Make it true with your wet t-shirt.
Per dog, hurt, mobility until you hit the shell! ''
Think about it.
Pure poetry, right?
I'm completely mortified by my musical taste.
I firmly believe at the work of man, which is all I don't want to do, including -- all the domestic tasks, but also kill insects, the cartoon of trash, the care of the lawns and the maintenance of machinery.
I don't want to have anything to do with that.
The pink is my favorite color.
It enjoys the fashion magazine and the beautiful things.
I can see``The Black"and romantic comedy, and I have absurd fantasies of the fairy tales that are made.
Some of my crimes are more disappeared.
If a woman wants to adopt his husband's cliffs, it's his choice, and I'm not who to judge.
If a woman decides to stay at home to raise his children, he accepts that choice, too.
The problem is not that it becomes economically vulnerable through this same choice, the problem is that our society is confined so that it makes women economically vulnerable when they choose.
We solve this problem.
It turns out the conventional feminism that has ignored or disappeared historically the needs of the color women, the workers, the homosexuality and transgendered, for white women, heterosexual, middle-class women.
Listen, if that's good feminism, I'm a very bad feminist.
Next happens: as a feminist, I feel a lot of pressure.
We have this tendency to put a permission in a pedestal.
We hope that they go to perfection.
When we're disappointed, we'll take them out with a lot of taste from the same pedestrian where we put them.
As I said, I'm a disaster; I've already regarded that pediatrician before you try to get there.
Too many women, particularly innovators and sector leaders, are afraid of being tagged as a feminist.
They're afraid to stand up and say,``Yes, I'm a feminist ,"for fear of what that sticker means, for fear not to be able to fulfill with the very little expectations.
Take Beatrandue, or as I call it, the God.
In the last few years, it's a declining feminist.
In the video Music Adams in 2014, at MTV, acting in front of the word``feminist"of three meters tall.
It was a magnificent show, to see this polio star openly embracing feminism and making women and young men who will be feminist is something to be proud.
In time, cultural critics started endless arguments if Benki was or not quite feminist.
They rating their feminism, rather than simply believing the word of an adult and mature woman.
We demanded a perfection of the feminist, because we're still fighting for a long, we want a lot, we need so carefully.
We go far beyond the sensory and constructive critic, to design the feminism of any woman, destroy it until nothing is left.
We don't need to do that.
Bad feminism, or rather, a more inclusive feminism is the point of departure.
But what happens next?
We went from recognizing our imperfections to realize, going to action and be a little bit more courageous.
If I hear degrading music, I'm creating a demand for artists that would be more than happy by providing an unlimited supply.
These artists will not change their way of talking about women in their songs until we take the change affecting their gains.
It's certainly difficult.
Why has your music to be so police?
It's hard to choose something better and so easy to justify a worse choice.
But when bad decisions are justify, this makes it more difficult for women to achieve equality, the equality that we all deserve and is our responsibility.
I think of my nieces, three and four years.
These are two wonderful, decided, brilliant girls, and also very brave, and I want you to grow in a world.
Where they're being appreciated by the strong creatures that they are.
I think of them, all of a sudden, the best choice is visible as something much easier to do.
We can all make better decisions.
We can change the channel when a television program deals with sexual violence against women as sports, the Game of Thrones.
We can change radio emitter when we hear songs that treat women like nothing.
We can spend our money to go to the movie elsewhere when movies don't treat women more than as decorative objects.
We can stop supporting professional sports, where athletes treat their peers as a boxing bag.
In any case, men, especially white men, heterosexual men can say,``No, I'm not going to publish in your magazine, participate in your project, or work with you, until you don't include a number of women of women, so much to participate how to make decisions.
I'm not going to work with you until your advertising, or your organization is more inclusive with a wider range of people . ''
Those of us who are surprised, but invited to participate in these kinds of projects, we can also refuse to be included until we are welcome to overcome the barriers to the decision posts.
Because we're not any people who are wonderful . Without these efforts, without adopting these positions, our accomplishments are going to mean very little.
We can make these little acts of courage and hope that our decisions get to the top, people in the power of directors and movie producers and music, CEOs, legislators, people who can make big decisions, more courageous, to create a durable and meaningful change to create a durable and meaningful change.
We can also sign our feminism, our feminism, well, bad, or whatever.
The last line of my book``Bad Feminist"says,``It would be a bad feminist not to be at all . ''
This is true because of a lot of reasons, but I mean, especially, because I went through my voice, I was stolen and feminism helped me to get it.
There was an incident.
I call it incidents to deal with what happened.
A little bit of people would fold me when I was very young, and I didn't know that kids can do this to a girl.
I was treated as if it was nothing.
I started to believe that it was nothing.
I would steal my voice, and after all I didn't dare to believe that I could say something that could matter.
But I was writing.
And I went back to write.
I was reminded in a stronger version of myself.
I read the words of those women who could understand a story like mine, and the women who looked like me and understand what it meant to live in this world if you have the brown skin.
I read the words of women who showed me that it was nothing.
I learned to write like them, and then I learned to write as myself.
I found my voice again, and I started to believe that my voice is powerful beyond what you can measure.
Through writing and feminism, I also discovered that if I was a little courageous, another woman could hear and see me and realize that none of us is the whole world trying to tell us we are.
In a hand, I have the power to achieve anything.
And in the other, I hold the humiliating reality that I'm just a woman.
I'm a bad feminist, I'm a good woman, I'm trying to improve my thinking, what I say, and what I do, without leaving everything that makes me human.
I hope we can all do the same thing.
I hope we can all be a little courageous, when you need such a courage.
Right after Christmas last year , 123 children in California were measles for visiting Disneyland or to be exposed to someone who had been there.
The virus then went through the border with Canada, infected over 100 children in Queens.
One of the tragic things about this outbreak is that the measles that can be fatal for a child with a weakened immune system is one of the most easily preventable diseases in the world.
There's an effective vaccine against it for more than half a century, but many of the children involved in the Disneyland outbreak hadn't been vaccinated because their parents were afraid of something allegedly even worse: autism.
But a moment, wasn't the article that unleashed the policy about autism and vaccines, disabled and marked by being a failed fraud by British Medical Journal?
Don't most intelligent scientists believe the theory that vaccines cause autism is a stupidity?
I think most of you know, but millions of parents around the world continue to fear that vaccines put in danger to their children to have autism.
Why?
Here's why.
This is a graph of the embrace of autism in time.
For most of the 20th century, autism was considered a very rare disease.
The few psychologists and pediatrician that I had heard about it created their whole professional life without seeing one case.
For decades, prevalence estimates followed only three or four children per 10,000.
But then, in the 1990s, the numbers started shooting.
fundraising organizations like autism Spears, like autism Spiders, are routinely referred to autism as an epidemic, as if I could get from another child in Disneyland.
What is going on?
If you're not vaccines, what is it?
If you ask people in the Center of Disease Control Center, what's going on, they tend to be based on phrases like``extended diagnostic criteria"and``a better detection of cases"to explain these growing figures.
But that kind of language doesn't dissipate the fears of a young mother who looks at her two years' faces, visual contact.
If diagnostic criteria had to expand, why were they so reduced at the beginning?
Why were the cases of autism so hard to find before the 1990s?
Five years ago, I decided to discover the answers to these questions.
I learned that what happened has less than to do with slow, slow progress of science that with the seductive power of storytelling.
For most of the 20th century, doctors told a story about what autism is and how it was discovered, but that story turned out to be false, and the consequences of the same are having a devastating impact on global public health.
There was a second more accurate story of autism that had lost and forgotten in the dark corners of clinical literature.
This second story tells us all about how we get here, and where we have to go.
The first story starts with a child psychiatrist, Leo Kanna, the Johns Hopkins Hospital . In 1943, Kenya published an article that describes 11 young patients who seemed to inhabit private worlds, giving people around them, even to their own parents.
They could be fun for hours by waving their hands down to their faces, but they were prey of the panic, as when he didn't put his favorite toy in his usual place without knowing it.
On the basis of patients treated in their clinic, Kanzi speculated that autism is very rare.
In the 1950s, as a major authority of the world in the subject, declared that he had seen less than 150 real cases of his syndrome while he collected reference of places as far as South Africa.
This is actually not surprising, because Kanzi's criteria for autism diagnosis were very restrictive.
For example, disabled to give that diagnosis to children, but now we know that epilepsy is very common in autism.
He once realized that he had turned nine out of every 10 children sent by other doctors to his consultant to be autistic without giving them a diagnosis diagnosis.
Kanzi was an intelligent man, but part of his theories were not closed.
It classified autism as a form of child psychosis caused by cold and disaster parents.
These kids, he said, they've remained carefully in a refrigerator that doesn't download.
At the same time, though, Daniel noticed that some of his young patients had special skills that are growing in certain areas like music, math and memory.
One of the children in his clinic could distinguish between 18 symphony before he turned two.
When his mother put one of his favorite records, he properly said,``Beethoven . ''
But Kanzi had a bad opinion of these skills, making things like that children were just recording what they had heard their parents, desperate to win their approval.
As a result, autism became a source of shame for families, and two generations of autistic children were sent to institutions for their own good, becoming invisible for the world in general.
Surprisingly, it wasn't until the 1970s that researchers started to test the Korean theory that autism was weird.
Long Wingdom, London's cognitive psychologist, thought that the theory of the networked mothers of Kanzi was pretty stupid.
She and his husband John were warm and affectionate, and they had a deep autistic daughter called Susie.
Long and John knew how hard it was to raise a child like Susan without support services, no special education, and without access to other resources without a diagnosis.
To defend the National Service of Health that they needed more resources for autistic children and their families, Lord and their colleague Jewish Gould decided to do something that should have been done 30 years before.
They did a study of autism in the general population.
They had a suburb of London called Commandment to try to find the autistic children in the community.
What you saw remained clear that Kanzi's model was too limited, because the reality of autism was much more colorful and diverse.
Some children couldn't speak at all, whereas others were confronted in their fascination for the astrophysicist, in the dinosaurs or in the genetics of the reality.
Otherwise, these kids didn't fit in beautiful and self-conflict, as Judith said, and they saw a lot of them, much more than the Kanzi's monetary model would have predicted.
At the beginning, they were lost by trying to make sense of their data.
How did anybody haven't been perceived before?
But then London found a reference to an article published in German in 1944, the next year to the Kanzi article, and then he forgot, buried under the ashes of a terrible time that nobody wanted to remember.
Kanzi knew about this article of competition, but he avoided deliberately to mention her in his own work.
There wasn't even an English translation, but luckily, the husband of the Lord spoke German, and he translated it for her.
The document provides an alternative story of autism.
His author was a man named Hans Alexandria, who ran a clinic integrated with an integrated school in Vienna in the 1930s.
The ideas of Asperger for teaching children with learning differences were progressive even for contemporary standards.
The morning in their clinic started with music with music, and the kids followed their games the Sunday afternoon.
Instead of blaming parents to cause autism, Asperger described it as a political disability of life that required compassion shapes of support and spaces adapted during the course of all life.
Instead of treating kids in their clinic as patients, Asperger called them their little teachers, and it was dedicated to help in the development of methods of education that were especially right for them.
And fundamentally, Asperger saw autism as a diverse continuum that would have an amazing variety of gifts and disability.
He believed that autism and autistic traits were common, and they always have been, seeing aspects of this continuum in architects known in pop culture like the social scientist and the distributed teacher.
He was beyond even saying, for success in science and art, a piece of autism is essential.
Lord and Judith discovered that Kanzi was wrong that autism was inevitable, so that parents were the causes.
Over the next few years, they worked in silence with the American Association of psychiatry to extend the diagnosis of the diagnosis that would reflect the diversity of what they called``autistic spectrum . ''
By the end of the '80s and early '90s, their changes came in the way, replacing the limited model of Kanzi for a wide and inclusive Asperger.
These changes didn't fall in broken.
coincidentally, when Lord and Judith worked between systems to reform these criteria, people around the world see an autistic adult for the first time.
Before it came out``Rain Man"in 1988, just a little circle, commissioned by experts knew what the autism was, but after the inevitable performance of Dustin Hoffman, as Ray Babbage and the recognition of``Rain Man"with four prize of Academy, pediatrician, psychologists, teachers and fathers around the world knew what autism was.
At the same time, the first clinical evidence of using autism.
I shouldn't have a connection with that little circle of experts to make a diagnosis for your son.
The combination of``Rain Man"the changes in criteria and the introduction of these trials created a network effect, a perfect storm of autism awareness.
The number of diagnostics started to rise, just like the Lord and Judith predicted, in fact they hoped that it was, getting people with autism and their families finally got the support and the services that they deserved.
So Andrew Washington came to blame vaccines for the increase in the diagnostics -- a simple, powerful, such credible history of credible history, as bad as Kanzi's theory that autism was inevitable.
If the current estimate of the prevention center that one in 68 children in America are in the spectrum, it's right, autistic is one of the largest minority groups in the world.
In the last few years, autistic people have joined on the Internet to reject the idea that they are puzzles to solve for new medical advances, by taking the term``neuroscience"to celebrate the varieties of human cognition.
One way to understand neuroscience is to think of terms of human operating systems.
The fact that a PC doesn't work with Windows, it doesn't mean it's broken.
According to autistic standards, the normal human brain is easily distributed, obviously social, and it suffers from a deficit deficit.
No doubt, autistic people have difficulty to live in a world not built for them.
70 years later, we're still catching Asperger, which creates that the cure for the most unacceptable aspects of autism are in the understanding of teachers, employees with ability, support communities, and fathers with faith in their children's potential.
An autistic woman named Boston Zachs once said,``We need all the hands in covered to influence the boat of humanity . ''
As we navigate the uncertain future, we need all forms of human intelligence on the planet to address the challenges that we face as a society.
We can't afford to waste a brain.
Thank you.
